"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1084	1950	12	"100 Mill. Kr. til indretning af nye Beskyttelsesrum og gamles Reparation"	"Bornholms Avis"	"1950-12-6"	"Interior Minister Aksel Møller provided a report on the state of civil defense in the Danish Parliament, which is of interest due to current global political instability. Civil defense is to be rebuilt, with 50 million already allocated, and Møller aims to secure additional funds for warning services and the establishment of public shelters. Efforts include rebuilding the warning system with sirens, restoring wartime bunkers, constructing new ones, and developing evacuation plans. There is a shortage of barracks space, preventing the annual conscription of 1,200 men as mandated by law. Møller also reported that civil defense requires financial sacrifices and goodwill from the public."	"Positive"
"2"	1055	1950	12	"Danmark støtter europæiske enhedshær og udbygger sit civilforsvar stærkt"	"Lolland-Falsters Stiftstidende"	"1950-12-6"	"Minister of the Interior, Aksel Møller, stated in a speech that civil defense will be rapidly expanded. He summarized it in several points: air raid sirens will be installed, 4,500 concrete bunkers from the war will be refurbished and equipped to a certain extent, there is a request for 10 million for the construction of dome-shaped bunkers/shelters, shelters should be built in new buildings as much as possible, evacuation plans for Greater Copenhagen and the largest market towns will be developed, significant purchases of equipment for the civil defense corps, the establishment of 94 civil defense areas, and the hiring of daily leaders in many places. Regulations on industrial defense, block defense in city centers, villa defense further out, and parish defense will come later."	"Positive"
"3"	1107	1950	12	"Det kniber med civilforsvaret"	"Berlingske Tidende"	"1950-12-10"	"The Greater Copenhagen (Storkøbenhavn) Civil Defense is facing a shortage of volunteers. Initially, many people signed up, but registrations have now stalled. Mayor H.P. Sørensen emphasized the importance of civil defense and urged people to volunteer."	"Wants more"
