"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1024	1952	12	"Danmark kan være sit civilforsvar bekendt"	"Vendsyssel Tidende"	"1952-12-1"	"Civil defense chief Arthur Dahl stated that the current state of civil defense in Denmark is something the country can be proud of, but it still has a long way to go before it can fully accomplish its tasks. He attributed the slow pace of development to attacks directed at the civil defense agency, noting that much time has been spent investigating the agency's financial affairs. Additionally, the leadership opposes the conscription of people for civil defense personnel, preferring instead to improve conditions for volunteers."	"Problems exist | Wants more CD"
"2"	1074	1952	12	"Danmarks civilforsvar"	"Frit Folk"	"1952-12-10"	"Same article as 1071. Important. The article includes a speech by the Chief of Civil Defense, Arthur Dahl, at the Civil Defense Federation's annual meeting. Dahl speaks about the importance of civil defense, though its expenses seem outrageous to some. He also mentions people who believe that the development of civil defense is progressing too slowly. He defends this by stating that there needs to be a plan for the work first. Additionally, there is a lack of funding to build shelters to cover 25% of the population in densely populated urban areas. Dahl also addresses criticism regarding the personnel's situation, which the civil defense will try to improve. According to Dahl, the civil defense is not yet able to fulfill its tasks."	"Problems exist | Wants more CD"
"3"	1071	1952	12	"Danmarks civilforsvar"	"Horsens Socialdemokrat"	"1952-12-19"	"Important. The article includes a speech by the Chief of Civil Defense, Arthur Dahl, at the Civil Defense Federation's annual meeting. Dahl speaks about the importance of civil defense, though its expenses seem outrageous to some. He also mentions people who believe that the development of civil defense is progressing too slowly. He defends this by stating that there needs to be a plan for the work first. Additionally, there is a lack of funding to build shelters to cover 25% of the population in densely populated urban areas. Dahl also addresses criticism regarding the personnel's situation, which the civil defense will try to improve. According to Dahl, the civil defense is not yet able to fulfill its tasks. Arthur Dahl also mentioned things that are already functioning well, such as the warning service."	"Problems exist | Wants more CD"
