"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1023	1953	9	"Eisenhower er den fineste Personlighed i USA's politiske Liv"	"Berlingske Tidende"	"1953-9-13"	"Not particularly relevant. The Danish-born American civil defense chief Val Peterson visited Copenhagen to examine the Danish Civil Defense Organization and civil protection measures in Copenhagen. He met with the Director of Civil Defense, Arthur Dahl. He noted that this part of the world was more advanced in terms of civil defense than America, which he attributed to America not having experienced invasion attempts or invasions."	"Positive | Validates"
"2"	1031	1953	9	"Ringe Atom-Beskyttelse i de vestlige lande"	"Holstebro Dagblad"	"1953-9-24"	"The head of American civil defense, Val Peterson, has been traveling around Europe, including Denmark. After the trip, he concluded that no countries in the Western world are prepared to face a nuclear attack, but Sweden is the closest. He commented that Denmark and Belgium are building shelters to a certain extent."	"Validates"
"3"	1032	1953	9	"Vesteuropa uforberedt paa Atom-Angreb"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1953-9-24"	"The head of American civil defense, Val Peterson, has been traveling around Europe, including Denmark. After the trip, he concluded that no countries in the Western world are prepared to face a nuclear attack, but Sweden is the closest, followed by Norway. He was particularly impressed by Sweden's granite caves, which the Swedes blast out of their cliffs for shelters and vital factories. He commented that Denmark and Belgium are building shelters to a certain extent. Peterson believes that the U.S. civil defense is not sufficient in all aspects and will consider blasting nuclear-proof rock shelters in the U.S. similar to those in Sweden."	"Validates"
"4"	1042	1953	9	"Hele verden gemmer sig"	"Frederiksborg Amts Avis"	"1953-9-24"	"The head of American civil defense, Val Peterson, has been traveling around Europe, including Denmark. After the trip, he concluded that no countries in the Western world are prepared to face a nuclear attack, but Sweden is the closest, followed by Norway. He was particularly impressed by Sweden's granite caves, which the Swedes blast out of their cliffs for shelters and vital factories."	"Validates"
"5"	1113	1953	9	"Dramatiske situationer i Aarhus under C.F øvelsen i gaar"	"Aarhus Amtstidende"	"1953-9-30"	"An exercise was held in Aarhus where the city was attacked three times by enemy aircraft. On paper, the exercise went well, but the Aarhus civil defense still has a long way to go before it can handle a similar situation in reality. The necessary equipment is lacking."	"Fear-mongering | More is needed"
