"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1050	1954	5	"Døgnet rundt. N.B"	"Land og Folk"	"1954-5-8"	"Important. The article is from the newspaper Land og Folk, which is published by the Danish Communist Party. The article displays a clear bias, with the unnamed author strongly opposing civil defense. The writer begins by discussing the dissolution of the Civil Defense Council in Coventry, England, as they deemed civil defense a waste of time and money. Additionally, the writer reports that the West Midlands Federation of Scientific Workers urges local authorities in England to abandon civil defense plans due to the advent of the hydrogen bomb, which renders civil defense inadequate. The writer then argues that the civil defense, bunkers, and shelters in Denmark are ineffective and only provide a false sense of security to the citizens. Furthermore, the article criticizes Denmark's military specialists for their ignorance, lack of war experience, and passivity, claiming they haven't progressed beyond 1864."	"Negative"
"2"	1111	1954	5	"Det allerfarligste er at lægge hænderne i skødet"	"Ny Tid"	"1954-5-8"	"The Civil Defense Federation in Hjørring held a well-attended meeting about civil defense. Police Chief Palle Høybye mentioned that several well-known personalities had claimed civil defense was unnecessary due to the advent of the hydrogen bomb. He disagreed, arguing that such criticism primarily came from communists. Høybye urged people not to be complacent but to continue supporting civil defense, as it remains valuable. Mayor Carl Hermansen, chairman of the Civil Defense Commission, emphasized the need for more volunteers, noting the current shortage. City Council Secretary A. Jønler stated that people often inquire about conducting drills, but such exercises are not feasible without sufficient personnel. However, Jønler praised the DKB for successfully recruiting women."	"Mixed | Wants more"
"3"	1120	1954	5	"B-bomben har ikke gjort Civilforsvar overflødigt"	"Nationaltidende"	"1954-5-9"	"Important. The article discusses the differing opinions on whether civil defense has become obsolete due to the hydrogen bomb. Scientists in England have urged local authorities to abandon their civil defense plans, deeming them inadequate. The article interviews E. Schultz, the administrative chief of the Civil Defense Agency, who disagrees with the English scientists' perspective. Schultz believes that not all scientists share the same view and asserts that civil defense still has value. Schultz argues that it would be irresponsible to abandon civil defense efforts, as the likelihood of attacking a small town like Kerteminde is low. He also emphasizes that traditional explosives are still likely to be used, making civil defense relevant. Schultz believes that civil defense can still be effective outside the direct impact zone of a hydrogen bomb and that warning systems can help evacuate people in time. He is confident that shelters can offer reasonable protection against the effects of atomic and hydrogen bombs. Furthermore, Schultz suggests that the advent of the hydrogen bomb might actually lead to increased efficiency in civil defense operations. However, he notes that the pace of civil defense work depends on the nation's economic capabilities. Despite the new challenges posed by the hydrogen bomb, Schultz asserts that civil defense will largely continue along the same lines, maintaining its current course of action."	"Mixed | Wants more"
"4"	1085	1954	5	"Brintbomben og civilforsvaret"	"Sønderjyden"	"1954-5-17"	"The unnamed writer criticizes Administrator E. Schultz for wanting to continue civil defense cooperation in the same manner as before, despite the writer's belief that it is inadequate in the face of the hydrogen bomb threat. The writer feels that the dangers of the hydrogen bomb are being underestimated, that evacuation plans are hopeless, and that the public is being misled into thinking they have a chance against a hydrogen bomb if they take protective measures."	"Negative"
"5"	1026	1954	5	"Oslo bygger store Beskyttelsesrum"	"Berlingske Aftenavis"	"1954-5-25"	"Not relevant. The article is about the Norwegian civil defense having built large public shelters for the residents of Oslo."	"Validates"
