"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1064	1956	11	"Myndighederne haardt angrebet under civilforsvars-mødet"	"Berlingske Tidende"	"1956-11-10"	"Relevant. Civilforsvaret held a national council meeting where Majse de Neergaard, representative and vice-chairwoman of Danske Kvinders Beredskab (Danish Women's Emergency Service), complained that there are only 25,000 female volunteers in the civil defense, while there should be 225,000 according to her. DKB leader Ellen Poulsen does not believe the lack of female volunteers is the women's fault. The authorities have not announced whether they will provide education for the women. Interior Minister Carl Petersen stated that he has been denied funding when trying to secure more money for the area. Arthur Dahl, Chairman of the Civil Defense, spoke about insufficient funding and negative attitudes towards the civil defense in many places. He believes the civil defense is weak and faces resistance in various circles because people do not appreciate its importance. Professor Anker Engelund, Chairman of the Civil Defense Federation, believes that the civil defense lacks funds, which affects, for example, the lack of equipment in cities and the inadequate training of leaders. He argues that this negatively impacts interest and enrollment in the civil defense."	"Negative"
"2"	1040	1956	11	"Det danske civilforsvar søger om 23 mill. kr."	"Information"	"1956-11-21"	"The Danish civil defense views the preparedness of cities as too weak. They have requested 23 million kroner from the Ministry of the Interior for the purchase of equipment for urban fire, rescue, ambulance, evacuation, and social services, as well as for equipment to measure radioactivity. This request is driven by both the tense international political situation and previous needs. Since 1954, civil defense has not received funds for development beyond minor allocations. While the civil defense corps is satisfactory, urban civil defense services lack funds for equipment. Additionally, civil defense lacks volunteers, has only built shelters for 13% of the population out of a target of 25%, lacks materials for ambulances, and desires a civil defense school, which is currently being considered by the Ministry of the Interior's construction committee. Prime Minister H.C. Hansen states that Denmark will not implement extraordinary measures for civil defense (such as starting the production of blackout curtains) even though Norway is doing so. He explains that blackout measures can be quickly implemented with temporary means and that they do not want large state stocks of blackout curtains."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1116	1956	11	"For 30 mill. kroner sikkerhed i krig"	"Berlingske Aftenavis"	"1956-11-26"	"The Civil Defense Agency has requested 30 million kroner, with a primary focus on equipment and improvements for local civil defense units. Investigations of the various local civil defenses show that some tasks, such as hospital preparedness, can be managed with existing resources. However, there are significant shortcomings in ambulance and clearance services. As a result, average standards have been established that need to be met. The fire service, rescue service, ambulance service, social services, reserve water supply, and radiological services all lack either funding or the means to achieve their goals. The article includes a picture of women in civil defense working in the fire brigade or clearance and ambulance services. Denmark is the only NATO country without a civil defense academy. The article also mentions the civilian gas mask, which they will attempt to distribute to some vulnerable population groups. The writer, Finn Borberg, concludes that the civil defense agency is effective in its planning, but its operations have been hindered by a lack of funding."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1081	1956	11	"Er tiden løbet fra vort civilforsvar?"	"Aalborg Stiftstidende"	"1956-11-27"	"Editor Sven Munkebo is critical of whether civil defense is effective. He argues that if England is attacked, Denmark will be exposed to radioactive fallout. Since 1953, there have been no funds allocated beyond the daily operations of the existing emergency services, and only a small expansion of civil defense has been achieved, resulting in a lag in protecting citizens from radiation. Munkebo writes that the public is anxiously asking what the government is doing to protect them. He believes that civil defense is lacking new volunteers, is uncertain if there are resources to train them, that the government is cutting too much from civil defense funding, and that the protection of the civilian population should be reviewed."	"Mixed | Wants more"
