"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1106	1958	5	"Civilforsvaret er ved at komme ud af et dødvande"	"Ny dag"	"1958-5-30"	"The civil defense course leader, Lieutenant Colonel V. W. Gudme, spoke at a hotel in Maribo about positive developments for civil defense, as they are now expected to receive an allocation of 45 million kroner for civil defense work. Construction of shelters has been at a standstill for four years but will now receive 3 million kroner in funding. According to Gudme, these new allocations will pull civil defense out of the stagnation it has been in over the past few years. He also mentioned that the evacuation plan needs to be revised, which is widely understood and accepted by the public."	"Positive"
"2"	1248	1958	5	"Stigende interesse for civilforsvaret i landkommunerne"	"Ny Dag"	"1958-5-30"	"The chairman of the Civil Defense Federation's Maribo branch, Axel Petersen, reports increasing interest in civil defense in rural communities, including among women, but notes a lack of interest in Maribo city. DKB leader Birk Andersen requests a course in basic first aid. Lieutenant Colonel Gudme inquires about the status of the local neighborhood and villa protection groups (karre- og villaværn), only to learn that they are currently inactive."	"Mixed | Wants more"
"3"	1115	1958	5	"18 millioner kroner ekstra til udbygning af civilforsvaret"	"Lolland-Falsters Stiftstidende"	"1958-5-31"	"The article discusses a meeting with 300 participants held at Olsen's Hotel in Maribo, organized by the Civil Defense Federation in the Maribo branch. The speaker was Lieutenant Colonel V.W. Gudme. He mentioned that civil defense work has now received an additional 18 million kroner from the state after four years of stagnation. A significant portion of the funds will be allocated to informational pamphlets and posters for the public. Plans include expanding rural evacuation services and dedicating 3 million kroner to the construction of shelters. Additionally, courses in disaster self-help or basic first aid will be offered."	"Positive"
