"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1047	1958	9	"Uhumske snegle jog jeg bort fra Thisted"	"Thisted Amts Tidende"	"1958-9-4"	"Almost same article as 1030. Very relevant. The article includes a piece with civil defense director Arthur Dahl discussing civil defense. Dahl believes that Denmark is not adequately covered with the current civil defense and only meets a small part of the legal requirements for what civil defense should maintain. He particularly points out that shelters cover only 12-13% of the population. Additionally, there is a lack of equipment for evacuation, fire, and rescue tools. He believes the suboptimal civil defense is due to the lack of funds from the state, which is holding back due to the current economic situation. For example, they have only provided 16 million, which was half of what civil defense requested. Dahl does not think this is because the state finds civil defense uninteresting. He believes that civil defense measures are beneficial, but he also thinks that a civil defense system will never be fully complete because new weapons in the future will pose unforeseen challenges. He mentions that Denmark's civil defense is as good as that of other countries."	"Positive | Wants more"
"2"	1078	1958	9	"Krigs-udbruddet forlængede Viborg-rektorens Italiensur"	"Viborg Stifts Folkeblad"	"1958-9-4"	"Same article as 1047. Very relevant. The article includes a piece with civil defense director Arthur Dahl discussing civil defense. Dahl believes that Denmark is not adequately covered with the current civil defense and only meets a small part of the legal requirements for what civil defense should maintain. He particularly points out that shelters cover only 12-13% of the population. Additionally, there is a lack of equipment for evacuation, fire, and rescue tools. He believes the suboptimal civil defense is due to the lack of funds from the state, which is holding back due to the current economic situation. For example, they have only provided 16 million, which was half of what civil defense requested. Dahl does not think this is because the state finds civil defense uninteresting. He believes that civil defense measures are beneficial, but he also thinks that a civil defense system will never be fully complete because new weapons in the future will pose unforeseen challenges. He mentions that Denmark's civil defense is as good as that of other countries."	"Positive | Wants more"
"3"	1030	1958	9	"Der skal penge til civilforsvaret"	"Holbæk Amts Venstreblad"	"1958-9-5"	"Very relevant. The article includes a piece with civil defense director Arthur Dahl discussing civil defense. Dahl believes that Denmark is not adequately covered with the current civil defense and only meets a small part of the legal requirements for what civil defense should maintain. He particularly points out that shelters cover only 12-13% of the population. Additionally, there is a lack of equipment for evacuation, fire, and rescue tools. He believes the suboptimal civil defense is due to the lack of funds from the state, which is holding back due to the current economic situation. For example, they have only provided 16 million, which was half of what civil defense requested. Dahl does not think this is because the state finds civil defense uninteresting. He believes that civil defense measures are beneficial, but he also thinks that a civil defense system will never be fully complete because new weapons in the future will pose unforeseen challenges. He mentions that Denmark's civil defense is as good as that of other countries."	"Positive | Wants more"
"4"	1035	1958	9	"Ærgrede sig som 4-årig over, at han ikke kunne læse"	"Skive Folkeblad"	"1958-9-5"	"Same as article 1030. Very relevant. The article includes a piece with civil defense director Arthur Dahl discussing civil defense. Dahl believes that Denmark is not adequately covered with the current civil defense and only meets a small part of the legal requirements for what civil defense should maintain. He particularly points out that shelters cover only 12-13% of the population. Additionally, there is a lack of equipment for evacuation, fire, and rescue tools. He believes the suboptimal civil defense is due to the lack of funds from the state, which is holding back due to the current economic situation. For example, they have only provided 16 million, which was half of what civil defense requested. Dahl does not think this is because the state finds civil defense uninteresting. He believes that civil defense measures are beneficial, but he also thinks that a civil defense system will never be fully complete because new weapons in the future will pose unforeseen challenges. He mentions that Denmark's civil defense is as good as that of other countries. According to Dahl, many believe that war will come if there is no change in the relationship between East and West."	"Positive | Wants more"
"5"	1060	1958	9	"Alvorlige ord om det danske civilforsvar"	"Vejle Amts Folkeblad"	"1958-9-5"	"Same article as 1047. Very relevant. The article includes a piece with civil defense director Arthur Dahl discussing civil defense. Dahl believes that Denmark is not adequately covered with the current civil defense and only meets a small part of the legal requirements for what civil defense should maintain. He particularly points out that shelters cover only 12-13% of the population. Additionally, there is a lack of equipment for evacuation, fire, and rescue tools. He believes the suboptimal civil defense is due to the lack of funds from the state, which is holding back due to the current economic situation. For example, they have only provided 16 million, which was half of what civil defense requested. Dahl does not think this is because the state finds civil defense uninteresting. He believes that civil defense measures are beneficial, but he also thinks that a civil defense system will never be fully complete because new weapons in the future will pose unforeseen challenges. He mentions that Denmark's civil defense is as good as that of other countries."	"Positive | Wants more"
"6"	1048	1958	9	"Alvorlige ord om civilforsvaret"	"Kolding Folkeblad"	"1958-9-6"	"Almost same article as 1030 and 1047. Very relevant. The article includes a piece with civil defense director Arthur Dahl discussing civil defense. Dahl believes that Denmark is not adequately covered with the current civil defense and only meets a small part of the legal requirements for what civil defense should maintain. He particularly points out that shelters cover only 12-13% of the population. Additionally, there is a lack of equipment for evacuation, fire, and rescue tools. He believes the suboptimal civil defense is due to the lack of funds from the state, which is holding back due to the current economic situation. For example, they have only provided 16 million, which was half of what civil defense requested. Dahl does not think this is because the state finds civil defense uninteresting. He believes that civil defense measures are beneficial, but he also thinks that a civil defense system will never be fully complete because new weapons in the future will pose unforeseen challenges. He mentions that Denmark's civil defense is as good as that of other countries."	"Positive | Wants more"
"7"	1022	1958	9	"England løser CF-problem efter de danske principper"	"Demokraten (Aarhus)"	"1958-9-14"	"The article is about the head of civil defense in the northwestern sector of London, Arthur G. Field, and the editor of The Star, Charles Groves, visiting Aarhus, where they met with the head of Aarhus civil defense, civil engineer Smith-Hansen. They wanted to see how Denmark had addressed the issue of setting up shelters, a problem that England had not yet solved. They stated that Denmark was ahead when it came to shelters."	"Validates"
