"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1218	1959	9	"Hjemmeværnet går ind for tyske depoter i jylland"	"Hejmdal"	"1959-9-3"	"Not important? It's mostly about the Home Guard. The Home Guard's chief, General Digmann, states that the Home Guard supports the idea of equipping Danish field forces with tactical nuclear weapons to force the enemy to disperse. Additionally, he discusses the establishment of German depots in Jutland. He also talks about Denmark's vulnerable position due to its location relative to the Baltic Sea and how we form a bridge between Scandinavia and the European continent. He emphasizes the importance of a psychological defense, so people know how to act in the event of a nuclear war. Digmann believes that Denmark has not been good enough at informing the population about this, whereas Norway has done better. He also discusses the importance of civil defense, noting that Denmark possesses a well-equipped and modern civil defense. He believes that Denmark is advanced in terms of civil preparedness and how our resources should be utilized in a given situation. The Home Guard should only be a supplement to the military field forces and cannot stand alone. It is crucial that the Home Guard and the military are strong enough against the enemy to deter aggression. After the new defense law, Digmann expects that the Home Guard will become more important in the future."	"Positive"
"2"	1134	1959	9	"Landets første CF-Gaard indviet i Aarhus"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1959-9-6"	"Denmark's first civil defense center was inaugurated on Viborgvej in Aarhus. It will be used for instructional work, meetings, and will be available to the Home Guard, air raid services, and first aid teams. Chairman of the Civil Defense Commission, Mayor Bernhard Jensen, mentioned that Greater Aarhus has 500 trained volunteers and more are expected after the opening of the new facilities. Civil Defense Director Arthur Dahl inaugurated the premises, stating that the focus of civil defense will be on protection against chemical weapons and combating radioactive fallout."	"Positive"
