"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1226	1961	5	"Arveligheds-konsekvenserne af radioaktivt nedfald"	"Information"	"1961-5-10"	"Important. The response is from David Jens Adler to a previous statement by Dr. Børge Christensen, who is a radiation biology consultant for the Danish Health Authority and civil defense. Adler disagrees with Christensen's claim that radiation from radioactive substances can also be found in the human body. Adler believes that natural radiation and radiation from global \"fallout\" should not be compared. Additionally, Adler is dissatisfied with Christensen's assertion that no changes in genetic material have been observed in the descendants of survivors of the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings, as these descendants have not yet had children. Adler feels that civil defense has attempted to provide reassuring information about phenomena where the consequences are debatable. He urges Christensen to be honest about the consequences, as his position lends weight to his statements and affects public health conditions. Adler does not take a position on whether civil defense has acted correctly regarding public information about the dangers of nuclear war. He has not seen the program \"Kortene på bordet,\" which has been widely discussed."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1229	1961	5	"Hvorfor giver myndighederne os ikke ordentlig besked?"	"Information"	"1961-5-26"	"Writer David Jens Adler believes that the answer to the question of nuclear utilization is shrouded in fear-mongering, a lack of understanding of the issue and a lack of information about it. Europe became nuclear-minded at a late stage after the US. Physicist Niels Arley's view of nuclear energy was that nuclear energy was too harmful to utilize, but the Danish Atomic Energy Commission and the independent institution DANATOM disagreed. Adler writes that the Danish National Board of Health and Civil Defense has tried to investigate the area through experiments at the Risø facility, but that the socio-medical dangers of these experiments are minimal. In addition, he believes that the responsible Danish authorities almost paint a picture that the dangers for the Danish population are less than for others and that the Danish authorities make few and small statements on the subject. He urges them to conduct more studies on the subject themselves. He also calls for the responsible authorities to investigate the strange organizational circumstances and the statements that have been published, which have been criticized by competent people."	"Different opinions"
