"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1216	1961	11	"Finland nødt til at forhandle i Moskva"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1961-11-1"	"The Soviet Union has sent a note to neutral Finland, aiming to pull them out of their defense-policy neutrality and to negotiate a joint defense cooperation with the Soviets. The note also includes sharp remarks about neutral Sweden, likely intended to intimidate Sweden. Sweden has routinely tightened its preparedness but otherwise, all the Nordic governments (Sweden, Norway, Denmark, and Finland) are taking a relaxed approach, though they have all called meetings to discuss the matter. Norway is also mentioned in the note (though the details are unclear), and Denmark is specifically criticized for participating in a unified command and strengthening the Baltic Sea defense."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1127	1961	11	"Rystende mangler indenfor Civilforsvars-Beredskabet"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1961-11-3"	"Minister of the Interior Lars P. Jensen from the Social Democrats believes that the current civil defense does not meet the requirements for protection against new types of weapons. He is advocating for an increase in funding by 70-80 million to strengthen civil defense. Six measures are planned: expansion of the warning system, enhancement of existing public shelters, upgrading of private shelters to better withstand new weapons, procurement of equipment, deployment of personnel to supplement volunteers, and the distribution of a public leaflet on how people should protect themselves during a war. The Minister of the Interior also notes that the détente in the mid-1950s led to a decline in public interest in civil defense, resulting in fewer volunteers and reluctance from municipalities."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1186	1961	11	"Hvorfor knytte næven i afmagt, når den kan bruges til forsvar"	"Ny tid"	"1961-11-19"	"The North Jutland Home Guard consultant, Bernhard Nielsen, believes that the nuclear age has not rendered the Home Guard and civil defense obsolete. He argues that public attitudes towards civil defense and the Home Guard have become more positive. The Home Guard in North Jutland's Region 1 has seen an increase of 1,000 members over the past three years. According to Nielsen, people's attitudes shifted to a more favorable view of civil defense and the Home Guard after the Hungarian uprising in 1956, as they realized there was something worth fighting for. He does not understand why former soldiers are passive and do not participate in civil defense, arguing that it is too late to offer help once war has already broken out. Nielsen believes that without a strong civil defense, we could easily lose the war."	"Different opinions"
