"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1177	1961	1	"Det gælder simpelthen os selv og vore kære..."	"Fyens Stiftstidende"	"1961-1-20"	"The article discusses the 25th anniversary of the Civil Defense Federation, which was celebrated in Odense. The event was marked by both gratitude for the work accomplished and concern over the widespread negative attitudes towards an issue of vital importance. Many guests attended the celebration, including the president of the Civil Defense Federation, Anker Engelund, and director Arthur Dahl. Ellen Poulsen, a member of parliament and chair of the Odense branch of the Civil Defense Federation, noted that the challenges within civil defense remain the same as they were 25 years ago. However, she mentioned that the people in and around Odense have become more familiar with civil defense, despite a lack of idealism in today's society. 
Mayor and chair of the Civil Defense Commission, Holger Larsen, stated that more personnel are needed for civil defense. Director of Civil Defense, Arthur Dahl, emphasized the importance of civil defense and argued that it should be developed on a national level since civil defense is a sensitive issue for the major powers, and no conventions from organizations like the Red Cross should be expected. He asserted that civil defense must be strong enough to make any attempt at annihilation too costly for the enemy. Dahl also noted that if civil defense were to collapse, the army’s efforts would be futile. Additionally, he suggested that civil defense could expand its role in providing assistance during peacetime, similar to what is done in England.
Dahl highlighted two prevalent negative viewpoints: one that believes a nuclear war will never happen because no one would dare to initiate it, and the other that assumes if nuclear war does occur, everyone will be wiped out regardless. Dahl disagrees with these perspectives, arguing that if the government and the people stand together, Denmark can survive and successfully rebuild. Therefore, he believes civil defense is worthwhile. Civil Defense Federation President, Professor Anker Engelund, expressed concern over the lack of support for civil defense but emphasized its importance, stating that people will regret not gaining the necessary knowledge to help in the right way."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1136	1961	1	"Rationeringskort"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1961-1-31"	"Not relevant. It concerns the Netherlands' rationing cards in case of war."	"Neutral"
