"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1142	1961	10	"Private skal være med til at bygge Beskyttelsesrum"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1961-10-17"	"Important. Nørresundby City Council is urging all housing associations and private consortia to incorporate public shelters into their projects in a way that aligns with peacetime purposes. Mayor Robert Christiansen from the Social Democrats believes that traditional, bleak (triste) shelters would detract (være skæmmende) from the appearance of Nørresundby's cityscape."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1132	1961	10	"Ingen snak om krig"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1961-10-19"	"Not relevant. American Senator Stephen M. Young has toured Europe and believes that Europeans are less concerned about war than Americans."	"Neutral"
"3"	1187	1961	10	"Aktion fra Ghana støtter den danske anti-atom aktion i FN"	"Demokraten (Aarhus)"	"1961-10-20"	"Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Iceland, and Japan are planning to push for the consideration of an appeal in the UN Political Committee. The appeal aims to persuade Khrushchev not to detonate a 50-megaton hydrogen bomb. Denmark is leading the proposal, with UN delegation leader Per Hækkerup initiating the effort on behalf of the Danish government. The primary concern behind the appeal is the potential for radioactive fallout. The outcome depends on the stance taken by the countries in the Afro-Asian bloc. While Ghana's Kwame Nkrumah urged Khrushchev to refrain from the test in a telegram, it is uncertain whether the rest of the bloc will support this position. Sweden is particularly worried about the nuclear test. Birds along South African rivers have been exposed to radioactive radiation, and in Canada, it has been discovered that some women who gave birth to children with Down syndrome (referred to as \"mongolbørn\" in the text) were exposed to radiation."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1197	1961	10	"Livlig debat i officersforeningen om militær- og forsvarspolitikken"	"Holbæk Amts Venstreblad"	"1961-10-21"	"The article discusses a meeting of the Officers' Association in Holbæk, where the four major youth organizations (KU, RU, VU, and DSU) gathered to discuss the new defense law. National Chairman Knud Enggaard from VU expressed satisfaction with the new defense agreement, noting that it is price-regulated and keeps pace with inflation. Both VU and KU believe that a 12-month service period (værnepligt) is not a good idea. National Chairman Palle Simonsen from KU argued that such a short service period would weaken Denmark's position in negotiations to join the Common Market, as other countries would scrutinize Denmark's contributions to NATO. Simonsen also advocated for Denmark to acquire nuclear weapons. 
RU Vice-Chairman Torsten Olsson was not pleased with the defense agreement but agreed to it to prevent nuclear bombing of Denmark and the presence of foreign troops in the country. Olsson emphasized that Danish policy should aim for détente and called for increased funding for civil defense, which he felt had been neglected, with insufficient information provided on civil protection. Einer Hougaard from DSU also supported a stronger civil defense and did not believe in nuclear armament in Denmark. Captain H.K. Petersen preferred a military defense and a Home Guard, expressing little faith in civil defense."	"Different opinions"
"5"	1148	1961	10	"Kappestrid og konflikt"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1961-10-30"	"Not relevant. It addresses the conflict between the Soviet Union and the USA without involving Denmark."	"Neutral"
