"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1219	1962	3	"Aalborgensernes skattebyrde forøges med 4,3 millioner"	"Aalborg Amtstidende"	"1962-3-20"	"Not relevant? It concerns the citizens of Aalborg facing an increased tax burden. An overview of the municipality's various expenditures shows that the budget for civil defense and fire services will increase from 1,086,272 kr to 1,263,989 kr in the new budget."	"Neutral"
"2"	1005	1962	3	"Professor Møllgaards kritik blev afvist"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1962-3-22"	"Professor Holger Møllgaards criticism of the pamphlet from the Civil Defense Agency (hvis krigen kommer) about whether one will survive in shelters has been rejected by a committee. However, they believe that the state should have thematized the ventilation in the shelters"	"different opinions"
"3"	1010	1962	3	"„ Hvis krigen kommer\": Udvalg tilbageviser kritik af pjecen"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1962-3-24"	"Professor Holger Møllgaard's criticism of the Civil Defense Agency's guidance on the construction of private shelters and his idea of a \"carbon dioxide cloud\" over the floor is refuted by a committee established by the Ministry of the Interior. However, they agree with Møllgaard that the pamphlet should have emphasized the importance of air renewal in the shelters. The committee has not addressed the fact that only a minority of the population will be able to follow the safety measures provided by the authorities."	"different opinions"
"4"	1012	1962	3	"Professorens Kritik af Atompjecen tilbagevist"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1962-3-25"	"Professor Holger Møllgaard's criticism of the Civil Defense Agency's guidance on the construction of private shelters and his idea of a \"carbon dioxide cloud\" over the floor is refuted by a committee established by the Ministry of the Interior. However, they agree with Møllgaard that the pamphlet should have emphasized the importance of air renewal in the shelters. The committee has not addressed the fact that only a minority of the population will be able to follow the safety measures provided by the authorities."	"different opinions"
"5"	1007	1962	3	"Atom-kampagnen om risikoen"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1962-3-31"	"The campaign against nuclear weapons have issued their own pamphlet because they don't think the government's pamphlet is good enough"	"different opinions"
"6"	1198	1962	3	"Folkepjecen fra kampagnen mod atomvaaben. Teknisk vederhæftighed, elegance, banaliteter og biologisk blikfang"	"Information"	"1962-3-31"	"The article is written by journalist David Jens Adler, who comments on the public pamphlet from the Campaign Against Nuclear Weapons. He notes that the pamphlet contains both a technical section and a politically charged section. Adler criticizes the pamphlet for not specifying which type of hydrogen bomb would be dropped on Denmark in the example used in the pamphlet. He believes this omission is significant, as certain types of bombs would have catastrophic effects but not necessarily be disastrous for the entire population, contrary to what the pamphlet suggests.
Adler argues that the technical details in the pamphlet have a propagandistic tendency, using fetuses and children as attention-grabbing elements in the descriptions. Furthermore, he points out that the pamphlet does not consider that areas not directly hit by a major war would not face catastrophic consequences. At a press conference, the Campaign Against Nuclear Weapons stated that they do not rule out collaboration with civil defense and acknowledge that civil defense can provide some protection if it is effective. However, they emphasized that the presence of civil defense is not relevant to their campaign, as they have a different objective. Adler concludes by suggesting that the public seems to be saturated with information about nuclear weapons."	"Different opinions"
