"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1239	1962	11	"En forkert holdning at se skævt til forsvaret"	"Fyens Stiftstidende"	"1962-11-1"	"The article is positive about civil defence and their recruitment campaign: ‘it can be useful’. In Odense, the recruitment campaign has gone well, and the writer refers to the fact that the work of the civil defence makes sense, which is backed by the Minister of Defence. The Danish civil defence has a good reputation in the outside world, and the head of civil defence has stated that many lives can be saved, even during a nuclear war, if you have a strong enough defence force and people understand that you cannot stand idly by. An exhibition will be opened in the Raadhushallen in Odense to begin the recruitment campaign. At the opening, Mayor Holger Larsen urged people to take the situation seriously, even though for many it has become an everyday event. According to the mayor, civil defence and home defence are everyone's business. Some young people, who most likely oppose civil defence, wanted to throw leaflets on balloons into the hall, but they were disarmed beforehand. The director of the Civil Defence Agency, E. Schultz, mentions criticism of civil defence. Among other things, many are critical and lack sobriety, but he believes that civil defence is growing now with political and financial backing rather than previously. He also mentions that more volunteers have signed up."	"Positive"
"2"	1230	1962	11	"Uddannelsen af sogneværnet indledt"	"Vendsyssel Tidende"	"1962-11-2"	"The sæby district of the Civil Defense Association began training the staff of a combined parish guard in Hørby. The training takes place over 10 evenings. Deputy police officer W. Lund reviewed the content of the training in the first lesson, which was modern warfare, the organization and tasks of civil defense and the local civil defense in the first lesson."	"Neutral"
"3"	1128	1962	11	"Konventionelt angreb er mest sandsynligt"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1962-11-6"	"A civil defense academy, Mirasol, has been established in Snekkersten. Former Civil Defense Director Arthur Dahl, now the head of the academy, believes there is a moral obligation to save as many lives as possible. Civil Defense Director E. Schultz views civil defense as an integral part of Denmark's defense and considers it very important. Some argue that civil defense is not a humanitarian organization due to its collaboration with the military, but an international Red Cross report has affirmed its humanitarian status. According to Schultz, civil defense focuses only on immediate consequences and not on the long-term effects of nuclear war. He notes that civil defense is concentrated on protection against chemical warfare and the development of a public gas mask, which he believes will become necessary."	"Positive"
"4"	1146	1962	11	"Dagens nyt jorden rundt. Køer på vandring"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1962-11-14"	"Not relevant. In Stockholm, civil defense is conducting an exercise to see if it is possible to evacuate cattle in the event of war."	"Neutral"
"5"	1199	1962	11	"Vejle kommune har et driftsoverskud for året 1961-62 på godt en million kroner"	"Frit Folk"	"1962-11-21"	"Not relevant? The municipality of Vejle has a budget surplus of 1 million kroner in their 1961-62 accounts. A table in the article shows the amount the municipality spends on firefighting and civil defense."	"Neutral"
