"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1160	1962	4	"Civilforsvarets store dilemma"	"Aktuelt"	"1962-4-10"	"Same article as 1155, 1158 and 1003. Letter to the editor (debatindlæg) from librarian Per Deskov from Esbjerg. The civil defense has to be reorganized before the public will support it. The public is indifferent or against the civil defense according to Deskov. He also writes that the civil defense suffers from practical shortcomings, and there is doubt as to whether it will be able to provide the protection required by the authorities. He believes that the hostile attitude towards civil defense can be attributed to the fact that some see it as part of Denmark's war preparedness. On the other hand, he thinks that if Denmark were militarily neutral and involved in peace efforts, civil defense might serve only humanitarian purposes and help people in distress. There has been a shortage of volunteers in the local civil defense, which is why they are attempting to conscript men. Generally, there is doubt among the population about whether civil defense serves humanitarian or military purposes. The author believes that civil defense should function as a disaster protection service without simultaneously being a part of Denmark's military buildup (oprusning). He believes that the proper foundation for civil defense is built on international peace efforts and an open-minded international peace policy."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1163	1962	4	"Civilforsvarets store dilemma"	"Vestjysk Aktuelt"	"1962-4-10"	"Same article as 1155, 1158, 1160 and 1003. Letter to the editor (debatindlæg) from librarian Per Deskov from Esbjerg. The civil defense has to be reorganized before the public will support it. The public is indifferent or against the civil defense according to Deskov. He also writes that the civil defense suffers from practical shortcomings, and there is doubt as to whether it will be able to provide the protection required by the authorities. He believes that the hostile attitude towards civil defense can be attributed to the fact that some see it as part of Denmark's war preparedness. On the other hand, he thinks that if Denmark were militarily neutral and involved in peace efforts, civil defense might serve only humanitarian purposes and help people in distress. There has been a shortage of volunteers in the local civil defense, which is why they are attempting to conscript men. Generally, there is doubt among the population about whether civil defense serves humanitarian or military purposes. The author believes that civil defense should function as a disaster protection service without simultaneously being a part of Denmark's military buildup (oprusning). He believes that the proper foundation for civil defense is built on international peace efforts and an open-minded international peace policy."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1155	1962	4	"Civilforsvarets store dilemma"	"Folkebladet for Randers og omegn"	"1962-4-27"	"Same article as 1003. Letter to the editor (debatindlæg) from librarian Per Deskov from Esbjerg. The civil defense has to be reorganized before the public will support it. The public is indifferent or against the civil defense according to Deskov. He also writes that the civil defense suffers from practical shortcomings, and there is doubt as to whether it will be able to provide the protection required by the authorities. He believes that the hostile attitude towards civil defense can be attributed to the fact that some see it as part of Denmark's war preparedness. On the other hand, he thinks that if Denmark were militarily neutral and involved in peace efforts, civil defense might serve only humanitarian purposes and help people in distress. There has been a shortage of volunteers in the local civil defense, which is why they are attempting to conscript men. Generally, there is doubt among the population about whether civil defense serves humanitarian or military purposes. The author believes that civil defense should function as a disaster protection service without simultaneously being a part of Denmark's military buildup (oprusning). He believes that the proper foundation for civil defense is built on international peace efforts and an open-minded international peace policy."	"Different opinions"
