"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1009	1962	1	"Erhvervs-kritik af folkepjecen"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1962-1-9"	"Industry councils, utility associations and grocery stores criticize the pamphlets from the state and the civil defense for e.g. supply preparedness. The authorities acknowledge the mistakes"	"different opinions"
"2"	1122	1962	1	"Folkepjecen"	"Information"	"1962-1-9"	"Important article. The author, D.A., writes in an ironic tone. Among other things, he notes that the authors of the public leaflet \"If War Comes\" are just as confused about the situation as the citizens. Additionally, he states that if the enemy is in the country, civil protection is more about mercy from the enemy than about basements. He also criticizes the leaflet's suggestion to acquire a transistor radio, as its battery life is short and the signal in a shelter would be poor due to reinforced concrete. However, he believes that civil defense is important and can help save some lives if war comes."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1130	1962	1	"Erhvervs-kritik af folkepjecen"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1962-1-9"	"Same article as 1009. Industry councils, utility associations and grocery stores criticize the pamphlets from the state and the civil defense for e.g. supply preparedness. The authorities acknowledge the mistakes"	"Different opinions"
"4"	1133	1962	1	"75 pCt. af alle Danske maa selv skaffe Tilflugtsrum"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1962-1-9"	"Not relevant. A neutral article that reviews the public leaflet \"If War Comes\" without taking a stance on it."	"Neutral"
"5"	1249	1962	1	"Holbæk Amts Venstreblad: Uheldig virkning"	"Information"	"1962-1-9"	"Important. The article reproduces a piece from the Holbæk Amts Venstreblad about the leaflet \"If War Comes.\" The article discusses how the public leaflet might lead the population to become too familiar with the concept of war, risking that they don't take it seriously enough. Even though the leaflet was published with the best intentions, there is a concern that it may not benefit the population."	"Different opinions"
"6"	1250	1962	1	"Breve fra læserne: Farlig pjece"	"Information"	"1962-1-9"	"Important. This is a letter to the editor from K.L. Hansen from Vanløse. He believes that the government should focus on preventing nuclear war rather than distributing the leaflet \"If War Comes.\" Time will be wasted debating the leaflet and conducting realistic drills about a nuclear bomb falling. Hansen does not believe the leaflet is helpful and urges the government to focus on avoiding the catastrophe instead."	"Negative"
"7"	1004	1962	1	"I hjørnet"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1962-1-14"	"Critical post. Criticism of the state pamphlet. A critic at Jyllandsposten, Jens Kruuse, sees it as ridiculous/comic"	"comic/ridiculous"
"8"	1214	1962	1	"Amerikanerne er rystede over Europas sorgløshed"	"Frederiksborg Amts Avis"	"1962-1-14"	"Americans are shocked by how calmly Europe is handling the situation regarding the protection of civilians. Europeans either believe that no one will start a war or that they will be wiped out if a war does come. In the Netherlands, the population took the brochure issued by the government on how to best protect themselves lightly. The same attitude is seen in England, where the situation is also taken lightly. In contrast, Sweden is very aware of the threat of bombing. Finland does not consider an atomic war likely, and if it were to occur, they believe they would be wiped out anyway. Norway and Denmark, like Sweden, have warning systems in place. West Germany does not have impressive plans for protecting its civilian population. France, Portugal, and Spain also take a very relaxed approach to the situation. Switzerland takes it seriously, planning to address a law on conscription into the civil defense corps and a women's auxiliary corps. Austria is also working on expanding its civil defense corps."	"Different opinions"
"9"	1006	1962	1	"Skarpt svar på hård kritik: Beskyttelsesrummene kan redde mange"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1962-1-20"	"The civil defense rejects critics from Professor Holger Mølgaard. Mølgaard criticizes a pamphlet from the civil defense and says that it gives people a false sense of security. The article mentions too that some (no names) think there are no differences between the shelters from the 1940s and the shelters now. Erik Schultz (head of administration, Civil defense) rejects the criticism and says that the new shelters protect against nuclear weapons. The Campaign Against Nuclear Weapons (kampagnen mod atomvåben) is issuing its pamphlet as a correction to the state's pamphlet (Hvis krigen kommer). The leader of the Campaign Against Nuclear Weapons, teacher Carl Sharnberg, criticizes the government for attempting to get people into a false sense of security that they will be able to survive a nuclear war. According to Sharnberg, this is not the case."	"different opinions"
"10"	1011	1962	1	"Civilforsvaret afviser skarp kritik af Pjecen"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1962-1-20"	"The Civil Defense Agency rejects Professor Holger Møllgaard and his criticism of the Civil Defense Agency's guidance on the construction of private shelters. Based on foreign studies, they dismiss Møllgaard's criticism of the recommended shelters, which according to Møllgaard impose danger to the people in the shelters."	"different opinions"
"11"	1234	1962	1	"Må vi bede os fri for den slags oplysning"	"Land og Folk"	"1962-1-20"	"Relevant. The article is from the newspaper Land og Folk, which is published by the Danish Communist Party.The unnamed writer is negative about the pamphlet ‘If War Comes’ and thinks Kampmann has made a fool of himself. He also thinks that people who are normally positive about civil defense think that the pamphlet is unrealistic and that the focus should rather be on avoiding war. The article reviews other newspaper articles' negative attitudes towards the pamphlet. Holbæk Amts Venstreblad (rad.) believes that the information in the pamphlet on crucial points is ‘ad pommern til.’ The newspaper ‘Demokraten (Soc.)’ believes that a nuclear attack on Danish soil would mean that all hope is lost. Børsen (u.p.) writes about Holger Møllgaard's criticism of the shelters described in the booklet. Roskilde Tidende (rad.) thinks the discussion about more or less liver pate is ridiculous, as people just need enough calories to survive in the shelters. Berlingske aftenavis (cons.) finds it problematic that the factual content of the leaflet is criticized from several sides. The article also refers to the fact that almost all magazines publish critical letters to the editor. In Skive Folkeblad (rad.), head teacher Åge Pedersen criticizes the focus on preparing the population for a life as a caveman, when instead they should be working to bring peace. Fyns Tidende (venstre) has published a letter to the editor from editor Kr. Jespersen, who believes that we must understand that modern war is an expression of barbarism. In Politiken (rad.), secretary in the Ministry of Social Affairs M. Hasdorf wrote that the pamphlet is not factually correct."	"Negative"
"12"	1241	1962	1	"Amerikanerne er rystede over Europas sorgløshed"	"Viborg Stifts Folkeblad"	"1962-1-26"	"Same article as 1214. Americans are shocked by how calmly Europe is handling the situation regarding the protection of civilians. Europeans either believe that no one will start a war or that they will be wiped out if a war does come. In the Netherlands, the population took the brochure issued by the government on how to best protect themselves lightly. The same attitude is seen in England, where the situation is also taken lightly. In contrast, Sweden is very aware of the threat of bombing. Finland does not consider an atomic war likely, and if it were to occur, they believe they would be wiped out anyway. Norway and Denmark, like Sweden, have warning systems in place. West Germany does not have impressive plans for protecting its civilian population. France, Portugal, and Spain also take a very relaxed approach to the situation. Switzerland takes it seriously, planning to address a law on conscription into the civil defense corps and a women's auxiliary corps. Austria is also working on expanding its civil defense corps."	"Different opinions"
"13"	1008	1962	1	"De lærde er uenige om Beskyttelsesrummene"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1962-1-27"	"Experts (for instance Holger Møllgaard) disagree on whether one will survive in shelters recommended by the state and the civil defense."	"different opinions"
"14"	1003	1962	1	"Civilforsvarets Dilemma"	"Demokraten (Århus)"	"1962-1-30"	"Letter to the editor (debatindlæg) from librarian Per Deskov from Esbjerg. The civil defense has to be reorganized before the public will support it. The public is indifferent or against the civil defense according to Deskov. He also writes that the civil defense suffers from practical shortcomings, and there is doubt as to whether it will be able to provide the protection required by the authorities. He believes that the hostile attitude towards civil defense can be attributed to the fact that some see it as part of Denmark's war preparedness. On the other hand, he thinks that if Denmark were militarily neutral and involved in peace efforts, civil defense might serve only humanitarian purposes and help people in distress. There has been a shortage of volunteers in the local civil defense, which is why they are attempting to conscript men. Generally, there is doubt among the population about whether civil defense serves humanitarian or military purposes. The author believes that civil defense should function as a disaster protection service without simultaneously being a part of Denmark's military buildup (oprusning). He believes that the proper foundation for civil defense is built on international peace efforts and an open-minded international peace policy."	"different opinions"
"15"	1158	1962	1	"Civilforsvarets Dilemma"	"Demokraten (Aarhus)"	"1962-1-30"	"Same article as 1155 and 1003. Letter to the editor (debatindlæg) from librarian Per Deskov from Esbjerg. The civil defense has to be reorganized before the public will support it. The public is indifferent or against the civil defense according to Deskov. He also writes that the civil defense suffers from practical shortcomings, and there is doubt as to whether it will be able to provide the protection required by the authorities. He believes that the hostile attitude towards civil defense can be attributed to the fact that some see it as part of Denmark's war preparedness. On the other hand, he thinks that if Denmark were militarily neutral and involved in peace efforts, civil defense might serve only humanitarian purposes and help people in distress. There has been a shortage of volunteers in the local civil defense, which is why they are attempting to conscript men. Generally, there is doubt among the population about whether civil defense serves humanitarian or military purposes. The author believes that civil defense should function as a disaster protection service without simultaneously being a part of Denmark's military buildup (oprusning). He believes that the proper foundation for civil defense is built on international peace efforts and an open-minded international peace policy."	"Different opinions"
"16"	1144	1962	1	"Skeptiske udtalelser om Civilforsvaret"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1962-1-31"	"Important. At a meeting in Aarhus organized by the Campaign Against Nuclear Weapons, editor David Jens Adler from Copenhagen criticized the civil defense system. He argues that civil defense is ineffective in the nuclear age because atomic bombs could annihilate entire cities. Adler also believes that civil defense operates under assumptions that will not hold up under closer scrutiny. He criticizes the public leaflet \"If War Comes,\" arguing that it fails to specify the types of war scenarios being considered, such as the size of the atomic bombs. He asserts that if atomic bombs were dropped on Danish soil, there would be nothing we could do. However, he acknowledges that shelters might offer protection against radioactive fallout if an atomic bomb were dropped in Germany. Adler further criticizes the civil defense for its role in supporting defense efforts, suggesting it is not purely a humanitarian organization. Despite civil defense's claim that it is protected under the Geneva Conventions, Adler argues that the Conventions themselves would not support this view. He fears that people may become desensitized to the idea of nuclear war. Civil defense leader in Aarhus, civil engineer C.V. Smith-Hansen, was invited to the meeting but declined to attend, as Adler was scheduled to have the longest speaking time for his viewpoints."	"Negative"
