"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1221	1963	7	"Mange kommer udefra for at studere dansk civilforsvar"	"Information"	"1963-7-16"	"Important. The article is by Niels J. Haagerup. In response to the Cuban Missile Crisis, the American population in Portland decided to halt civil defense efforts, stating that they were targets for hydrogen bombs and that there was no solution other than peace for the city. The English city of Coventry had also taken a dismissive stance towards civil defense ten years ago but has since resumed civil defense preparations. Haagerup expresses surprise that there could be any doubt about the importance of civil defense. He points out that part of the criticism of civil defense comes from those who see it as part of the national defense system, due to its collaboration with the military defense and civilian preparedness, particularly in the areas of warning and evacuation. Civil defense is also a humanitarian organization, which makes the writer even more puzzled by the criticism, which is often harsher than that directed at the military defense. In the United States, civil defense is criticized for potentially signaling to adversaries that the U.S. views war as inevitable and might start it when it sees fit. In Denmark, however, the criticism focuses on the idea that involving the population in civil defense acclimates them to the notion of nuclear war and weakens opposition to nuclear weapons and war. However, this criticism struggles to gain traction, as Denmark's preparations do not change the risk of war. The Danish anti-nuclear campaign's protests against civil defense have diminished, and there are no longer demonstrations against it, likely because the campaign's leaders have discussed the issues with civil defense leaders without reaching an agreement. The writer also notes that the criticism against civil defense includes the argument that it underestimates the risk and fails to account for the possibility of hydrogen bomb attacks on Danish territory, creating a false sense of security among the population. While Denmark's options are limited in the event of a nuclear attack with hydrogen bombs, the writer believes that civil defense is planning based on smaller-scale attacks, which should not be held against them. Civil defense itself believes that even a small effort can save many lives. West Germany views Denmark's civil defense efforts as exemplary, and similar praise comes from other foreign observers. The writer believes that Denmark is ahead in civil defense compared to countries like France, the United Kingdom, the United States, and West Germany, which may be due to more political strife over civil defense in those larger Western countries. The Soviet Union is also advanced in its civil defense efforts. Regarding funding, civil defense received limited financial support between 1954 and 1961. However, the last two to three years have seen rapid expansion, especially after the Soviet nuclear tests in 1961. Nonetheless, civil defense is now facing budget cuts, including a halt to construction projects. The Civil Defense Agency has had to consider whether to stop calling up special conscripts for additional service in municipal civil defense units. There is still a shortage of private volunteers in urban areas, despite many people being involved with civil defense. The writer mentions that new bunkers are not being built in peacetime, but efforts are being made to improve those from the war, with steel doors and ventilation systems. However, the shelters would be inadequate against direct nuclear bomb attacks. The writer also notes that the civil defense's public pamphlet was not well-received, as the discussion did not focus on what the civil defense had intended. The previous civil defense law has enabled civil defense to assist during peacetime in situations such as natural disasters."	"Different opinions"
