"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1162	1965	7	"Breve fra læserne: Civilforsvarets opgaver"	"Vestkysten"	"1965-7-1"	"The article is a letter to the editor from Per Deskov, a member of the Esbjerg City Council. There are discussions in the Esbjerg City Council every time funds need to be allocated to civil defense. The issue, which also arises elsewhere, is that after World War II, civil defense was assigned two different tasks. One is humanitarian, where civil defense is meant to assist in a disaster situation during wartime on Danish soil. Additionally, it is supposed to function as a military support corps, being part of the military buildup under NATO. The Socialist People's Party, due to the military aspect, refuses to support funding for civil defense, either in Esbjerg or elsewhere in the country. Furthermore, Deskov believes that the military role of civil defense is kept hidden from the public, which means that people support civil defense in its current form without being aware of its military function. Deskov, as a member of the Socialist People's Party, advocates for the civil defense to be freed from its military role and to focus solely on its humanitarian mission. This would be easier to achieve in a demilitarized society."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1215	1965	7	"Civilforsvaret og militæret"	"Vestjysk Aktuelt"	"1965-7-1"	"Same article as 1162. The article is a letter to the editor from Per Deskov, a member of the Esbjerg City Council from SF. There are discussions in the Esbjerg City Council every time funds need to be allocated to civil defense. The issue, which also arises elsewhere, is that after World War II, civil defense was assigned two different tasks. One is humanitarian, where civil defense is meant to assist in a disaster situation during wartime on Danish soil. Additionally, it is supposed to function as a military support corps, being part of the military buildup under NATO. SF, due to the military aspect, refuses to support funding for civil defense, either in Esbjerg or elsewhere in the country. Furthermore, Deskov believes that the military role of civil defense is kept hidden from the public, which means that people support civil defense in its current form without being aware of its military function. Deskov, as a member of the Socialist People's Party, advocates for the civil defense to be freed from its military role and to focus solely on its humanitarian mission. This would be easier to achieve in a demilitarized society."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1193	1965	7	"Breve fra læserne: Civilforsvarets opgaver"	"Vestkysten"	"1965-7-12"	"The librarian from Esbjerg, Per Deskov, responds to a letter by V.B. Leervad from Vejen, published in a previous edition of the newspaper. The discussion centers on Esbjerg City Council's civil defense debate. Leervad accuses Deskov and the Socialist People's Party (SF) of attacking the civil defense and making false statements about it. Deskov refutes this in the article, stating that they are not attacking civil defense. Deskov and SF argue that civil defense has responsibilities beyond saving lives. They believe that civil defense is also part of the military's support corps and thus contributes to Denmark's rearmament under NATO. They reference a secret 1958 agreement between civil defense and the military, which Deskov interprets as indicating that civil defense's role is to help ensure that military installations are quickly utilized in warfare and to prevent the enemy from exploiting certain types of equipment and installations. According to Deskov, this agreement does not prioritize saving lives. In contrast, Leervad interprets the agreement as being solely about civil defense responding to save lives, not assisting the military."	"Different opinions"
