"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1170	1967	9	"Ny militærkritik af Helveg Petersens forsvarspjece"	"Information"	"1967-9-6"	"There is criticism of former Minister of Education K. Helveg Petersen in connection with the publication of the pamphlet \"Debate on Defense.\" This criticism appears, among other places, in the journal of the Reserve Officers' Association, \"Reserveofficerens Blad\", where Major Emil Wigelsen Bruun criticizes Helveg Petersen for his lack of knowledge on the subject. Bruun also criticizes Helveg Petersen for wanting to address the concept of civil defense. Bruun believes that Helveg Petersen is interested in exploring the \"principle of non-violence\" but not civil defense in general. Bruun argues that Helveg Petersen's lack of knowledge on the topic will result in studies of issues that have already been investigated. Additionally, according to Bruun, Helveg Petersen exhibits an aggressive attitude toward the opposing side."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1178	1967	9	"Fra læser til læser: Kan civilforsvaret fungere?"	"Frederiksborg Amts Avis"	"1967-9-14"	"The article is a letter to the editor from Flemming Albertsen, who lives on Ane Katrinesvej in Copenhagen. Albertsen criticizes the part of his training that he completed with the civil defense at Frederiksborg Gas Works. He specifically points out the poor quality of the facilities, which he believes are inadequate for proper training. Furthermore, he criticizes the volunteer officers in the civil defense, stating that they are unfit to handle the pedagogical duties required of CF instructors. Albertsen suggests that the roles of instructors and officers should be restructured so that conscripts maintain faith in the civil defense system's ability to function in a crisis, and that subordinates respect their superiors because those superiors are genuinely competent.
Even if training within the civil defense were improved, the writer is still doubtful that the system would work effectively. Albertsen argues that for civil defense to operate successfully, all units must function perfectly, which he views as unrealistic. He expresses skepticism that the efforts made to maintain the civil defense will yield satisfactory results."	"Negative"
