"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1264	1969	8	"Beskyttelsesrum kun til hver tredje"	"Aalborg Stiftstidende"	"1969-8-28"	"The total capacity of shelters has increased modestly to 1.5 million spaces, which corresponds to 32% of the population. A.P. Tage, the Civil Defense leader from Aalborg, stated that there is no prospect of a significant increase in this area because, among other reasons, the Ministry of the Interior has not required the implementation of suitable projects for public shelters due to a lack of financial resources. Additionally, there are issues following municipal mergers. There are too few full-time employees, which, according to Tage, could potentially improve financial prospects in this area following the mergers. Furthermore, the chairman suggested that female conscripts should be included in civil defense now that the number of male conscripts is expected to decrease."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1278	1969	8	"Ønsker kvindelig værnepligt"	"Randers Dagblad og Folketidende"	"1969-8-28"	"At the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, held at Nyborg Strand, the head of the association, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg, stated that the capacity of bomb shelters is too small and is not expected to increase significantly in the future. The overall capacity of bomb shelters has increased very little. There are now 1.5 million spaces, which covers approximately 32% of the population. The chairman also suggested introducing mandatory civil defense service for women. They would undergo one month of training at a civil defense barracks, which would then continue locally within the municipal civil defense. The proposal for mandatory civil defense service for women comes in response to an expected decline in the number of male conscripts available for the future civil defense."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1313	1969	8	"Bør overveje kvindelig civilforsvars-pligt"	"Fredericia Dagblad"	"1969-8-28"	"The Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark held its annual meeting at Nyborg Strand. The association's chairman, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg, commented on civil defense personnel, stating that the number of full-time employees in the civil defense is still too low despite an increase. He also criticized the training programs, pointing out that it was inadequate that group and platoon leaders are only trained for firefighting and rescue services, with no opportunities for volunteers to receive group leader training. Additionally, he proposed introducing compulsory civil defense service for women, in response to the declining number of conscripts available for civil defense in the municipalities. The women's training would consist of one month at a civil defense barracks, followed by continued training in the municipal civil defense. Tage also mentioned that the current shelter capacity covers 32% of the population, which has increased slightly but remains insufficient and unlikely to improve. The Ministry of the Interior has had to abandon plans for public shelters in new buildings and facilities due to a lack of funds."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1331	1969	8	"Civilforsvarsværnepligt for kvinder?"	"Viborg Stifts Folkeblad"	"1969-8-28"	"At the association's annual meeting in Nyborg, A. Tage, chairman of the Association of Civil Defense Leaders from Aalborg, proposed introducing compulsory civil defense service for women, as the number of conscripts for municipal civil defense is expected to decline. Women would first undergo a one-month training at a civil defense barracks, followed by further training within their local municipal support services. Additionally, the chairman noted that shelter capacity is too low and does not appear to be increasing significantly. The capacity has risen slightly to 1.5 million spaces, covering about 32% of the population. He regretted that the Ministry of the Interior had to abandon, due to financial constraints, the requirement to implement suitable projects for public shelters in new buildings and facilities. The number of full-time employees in civil defense has increased, but it remains far from sufficient. A. Tage expressed hope that recent municipal mergers might help improve the financial resources available for this field."	"Different opinions"
"5"	1333	1969	8	"CF-ønske om kvindelig værnepligt"	"Berlingske Aftenavis"	"1969-8-28"	"Almost same article as 1309. The Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark held an annual meeting in Nyborg, where the leader of the association, civil defense leader A. Tage, proposed introducing mandatory civil defense service for women, similar to the system in Norway. The proposal comes in light of the fact that the number of volunteers for civil defense has not been increasing, and the number of male conscripts is expected to decline. Tage suggested that women could undergo one month of training at a CF barracks, after which they could continue their training in the municipal civil defense. Additionally, Tage mentioned that the total capacity of bomb shelters has increased too little and can now protect 32% of the population with its 1.5 million spaces. An increase does not appear likely in the future. Due to a lack of funds, the Ministry of the Interior has had to abandon the requirement to implement suitable projects for public bomb shelters in new buildings and facilities."	"Different opinions"
"6"	1334	1969	8	"CF-værnepligt for kvinder?"	"Fyens Stiftstidende"	"1969-8-28"	"Almost the same article as 1278 and 1318. At the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, held at Nyborg Strand, the head of the association, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg, stated that the capacity of bomb shelters is too small and is not expected to increase significantly in the future. He regretted that the Ministry of the Interior had been forced to abandon plans to require the implementation of suitable projects for public shelters in new buildings and facilities due to a lack of funds. The overall capacity of bomb shelters has increased very little. There are now 1.5 million spaces, which cover approximately 32% of the population. The chairman also suggested introducing mandatory civil defense service for women. They would undergo one month of training at civil defense barracks, which would then continue locally within the municipal civil defense. The proposal for mandatory civil defense service for women comes in response to an expected decline in the number of male conscripts available for the future civil defense. The main issue at the annual meeting is the problems facing civil defense in relation to the municipal mergers, where the number of full-time employees has increased but not sufficiently."	"Different opinions"
"7"	1335	1969	8	"Har alt for få beskyttelsesrum"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1969-8-28"	"Almost the same article as 1278, 1318 and 1334. At the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, held at Nyborg Strand, the head of the association, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg, stated that the capacity of bomb shelters is too small and is not expected to increase significantly in the future. He regretted that the Ministry of the Interior had been forced to abandon plans to require the implementation of suitable projects for public shelters in new buildings and facilities due to a lack of funds. The overall capacity of bomb shelters has increased very little. There are now 1.5 million spaces, which cover approximately 32% of the population. The chairman also suggested introducing mandatory civil defense service for women. They would undergo one month of training at civil defense barracks, which would then continue locally within the municipal civil defense. The proposal for mandatory civil defense service for women comes in response to an expected decline in the number of male conscripts available for the future civil defense. The main issue at the annual meeting is the problems facing civil defense in relation to the municipal mergers, where the number of full-time employees has increased but not sufficiently."	"Different opinions"
"8"	1369	1969	8	"CF-værnepligt for kvinder kan løse bemandingsproblem"	"Næstved Tidende"	"1969-8-28"	"Almost the same article as 1278, 1318, 1334, 1335 and 1362. At the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, held at Nyborg Strand, the head of the association, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg, stated that the capacity of bomb shelters is too small and is not expected to increase significantly in the future. He regretted that the Ministry of the Interior had been forced to abandon plans to require the implementation of suitable projects for public shelters in new buildings and facilities due to a lack of funds. The overall capacity of bomb shelters has increased very little. There are now 1.5 million spaces, which cover approximately 32% of the population. The chairman also suggested introducing mandatory civil defense service for women. They would undergo one month of training at civil defense barracks, which would then continue locally within the municipal civil defense. The proposal for mandatory civil defense service for women comes in response to an expected decline in the number of male conscripts available for the future civil defense. The main issue at the annual meeting is the problems facing civil defense in relation to the municipal mergers, where the number of full-time employees has increased but not sufficiently."	"Different opinions"
"9"	1383	1969	8	"Civilforsvarslederne drøfter kommunestruktur"	"Herning Folkeblad"	"1969-8-28"	"Almost the same article as 1278, 1318, 1334, 1335, 1362 and 1369. At the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, held at Nyborg Strand, the head of the association, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg, stated that the capacity of bomb shelters is too small and is not expected to increase significantly in the future. He regretted that the Ministry of the Interior had been forced to abandon plans to require the implementation of suitable projects for public shelters in new buildings and facilities due to a lack of funds. The overall capacity of bomb shelters has increased very little. There are now 1.5 million spaces, which cover approximately 32% of the population. The chairman also suggested introducing mandatory civil defense service for women. They would undergo one month of training at civil defense barracks, which would then continue locally within the municipal civil defense. The proposal for mandatory civil defense service for women comes in response to an expected decline in the number of male conscripts available for the future civil defense. The main issue at the annual meeting is the problems facing civil defense in relation to the municipal mergers, where the number of full-time employees has increased but not sufficiently."	"Different opinions"
"10"	1390	1969	8	"Civilforsvarslederne drøfter kommunestruktur"	"Silkeborg Avis"	"1969-8-28"	"Almost the same article as 1278, 1318, 1334, 1335, 1362, 1369 and 1383. At the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, held at Nyborg Strand, the head of the association, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg, stated that the capacity of bomb shelters is too small and is not expected to increase significantly in the future. He regretted that the Ministry of the Interior had been forced to abandon plans to require the implementation of suitable projects for public shelters in new buildings and facilities due to a lack of funds. The overall capacity of bomb shelters has increased very little. There are now 1.5 million spaces, which cover approximately 32% of the population. The chairman also suggested introducing mandatory civil defense service for women. They would undergo one month of training at civil defense barracks, which would then continue locally within the municipal civil defense. The proposal for mandatory civil defense service for women comes in response to an expected decline in the number of male conscripts available for the future civil defense. The main issue at the annual meeting is the problems facing civil defense in relation to the municipal mergers, where the number of full-time employees has increased but not sufficiently."	"Different opinions"
"11"	1275	1969	8	"RBK under eget tag inden jul"	"Amtsavisen"	"1969-8-29"	"Not relevant? The article is about a badminton club. The civil defense is mentioned only in connection with the club's negotiations with them. Civil defense requested that shelters be located in or near the hall that is under construction. A dispensation has been requested, but if it is not granted, the shelters may need to be established in a separate building."	"Neutral"
"12"	1309	1969	8	"Ny beskyttelsesrum til til 32 pct. af befolkningen"	"Frederiksborg Amts Avis"	"1969-8-29"	"Civil defense leader A. Tage from Aalborg believes that shelter capacity is too low. It currently covers 32% of the population, and a significant increase in that figure is highly unlikely. Although the number of full-time employees has increased, it is still insufficient. There will also be a decline in conscripts available for civil defense in municipalities. Therefore, Tage suggested the introduction of compulsory civil defense service for women, requiring them to undergo one month of training at a civil defense barracks, to be followed by continued training within the local municipal civil defense. The Civil Defense Agency has previously explored the possibility of female civil defense service, drawing on experiences from Norway, where women are called up for a 14-day civil defense training."	"Different opinions"
"13"	1318	1969	8	"Kvindelig værnepligt i civilforsvaret"	"Børsen"	"1969-8-29"	"Almost the same article as 1278. At the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, held at Nyborg Strand, the head of the association, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg, stated that the capacity of bomb shelters is too small and is not expected to increase significantly in the future. He regretted that the Ministry of the Interior had been forced to abandon plans to require the implementation of suitable projects for public shelters in new buildings and facilities due to a lack of funds. The overall capacity of bomb shelters has increased very little. There are now 1.5 million spaces, which cover approximately 32% of the population. The chairman also suggested introducing mandatory civil defense service for women. They would undergo one month of training at civil defense barracks, which would then continue locally within the municipal civil defense. The proposal for mandatory civil defense service for women comes in response to an expected decline in the number of male conscripts available for the future civil defense."	"Different opinions"
"14"	1362	1969	8	"Tanker om værnepligt for kvinder i civilforsvaret"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1969-8-29"	"Almost the same article as 1278, 1318, 1334 and 1335. At the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, held at Nyborg Strand, the head of the association, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg told that the overall capacity of bomb shelters has increased very little. There are now 1.5 million spaces, which cover approximately 32% of the population. The chairman also suggested introducing mandatory civil defense service for women. They would undergo one month of training at civil defense barracks, which would then continue locally within the municipal civil defense. The main issue at the annual meeting is the problems facing civil defense in relation to the municipal mergers, where the number of full-time employees has increased but not sufficiently. Civil Defense leader A. Tage hopes that the municipal mergers will help alleviate the problem. E. Schultz stated that they will not be sending questionnaires to all Danish homeowners to map out how many suitable basements are available for shelters; instead, they will implement a different strategy."	"Different opinions"
"15"	1402	1969	8	"Kort kvindelig værnepligt?"	"Langelands Folkeblad"	"1969-8-29"	"Almost the same article as 1278, 1318, 1334, 1335, 1362, 1369, 1383 and 1390. At the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, held at Nyborg Strand, the head of the association, Civil Defense Leader A. Tage from Aalborg, stated that the capacity of bomb shelters is too small and is not expected to increase significantly in the future. He regretted that the Ministry of the Interior had been forced to abandon plans to require the implementation of suitable projects for public shelters in new buildings and facilities due to a lack of funds. The overall capacity of bomb shelters has increased very little. There are now 1.5 million spaces, which cover approximately 32% of the population. The chairman also suggested introducing mandatory civil defense service for women. They would undergo one month of training at civil defense barracks, which would then continue locally within the municipal civil defense. The proposal for mandatory civil defense service for women comes in response to an expected decline in the number of male conscripts available for the future civil defense. The main issue at the annual meeting is the problems facing civil defense in relation to the municipal mergers, where the number of full-time employees has increased but not sufficiently. Civil Defense Leader A. Tage hoped that the municipal mergers would help alleviate the problem by improving the financial possibilities."	"Different opinions"
