"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1293	1970	2	"CF i gang med kælderanalyse"	"Berlingske Aftenavis"	"1970-2-5"	"The Civil Defense Agency is planning a nationwide basement survey to identify and register basements that can be used for protection, particularly against radiation from radioactive fallout. An intensive pilot study will also be conducted in the greater municipalities of Helsingør and Odense. They will investigate whether a similar analysis can be carried out in rural municipalities. Civil Defense Officer Lennart Konow states that the basement survey has been in the planning stages for several years and is intended to identify more secure protective measures, in addition to the current shelters and public protection rooms, which can protect approximately 35% of the population. The pilot study will assess how long and how expensive the full survey will be. The survey is inspired by a similar one conducted in the Netherlands."	"Positive"
"2"	1329	1970	2	"En landsomfattende kælderundersøgelse"	"Vendsyssel Tidende"	"1970-2-5"	"Civil defense will undertake a comprehensive basement analysis nationwide to identify cellars that can be used for protection. The local civil defense is starting an investigation in 100 larger cities, while an intensive pilot study will be conducted in the municipalities of Helsingør and Odense to explore the possibilities for similar studies in rural areas. Currently, shelters and public shelters can accommodate 35% of the population."	"Positive"
"3"	1346	1970	2	"Civilforsvaret vil se på alle kældre"	"Kolding Folkeblad"	"1970-2-5"	"Similar to articles 1293 and 1316. The Civil Defense Agency is planning a nationwide basement survey to identify and register basements that can be used for protection, particularly against radiation from radioactive fallout. An intensive pilot study will also be conducted in the greater municipalities of Helsingør and Odense. They will investigate whether a similar analysis can be carried out in rural municipalities. Civil Defense Officer Lennart Konow states that the basement survey has been in the planning stages for several years and is intended to identify more secure protective measures, in addition to the current shelters and public protection rooms, which can protect approximately 35% of the population. The pilot study will assess how long and how expensive the full survey will be."	"Positive"
"4"	1385	1970	2	"Danmarks kældre skal analyseres"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1970-2-5"	"Similar to articles 1293,1316, 1346 and 1377. The Civil Defense Agency is planning a nationwide basement survey to identify and register basements that can be used for protection, particularly against radiation from radioactive fallout. An intensive pilot study will also be conducted in the greater municipalities of Helsingør and Odense. They will investigate whether a similar analysis can be carried out in rural municipalities. Civil Defense Officer Lennart Konow states that the basement survey has been in the planning stages for several years and is intended to identify more secure protective measures, in addition to the current shelters and public protection rooms, which can protect approximately 35% of the population. The pilot study will assess how long and how expensive the full survey will be. The survey is inspired by a similar one conducted in the Netherlands."	"Positive"
"5"	1287	1970	2	"CF vil udarbejde en brandanalyse for Vejle"	"Vejle Amts Folkeblad"	"1970-2-6"	"The Civil Defense is planning to conduct a nationwide civil defense analysis of urban areas. The article focuses on Vejle Civil Defense, which will carry out a study of population density in Vejle during day and night hours, a fire risk analysis, and a survey of basements that could be used for protection against radiation from radioactive fallout. Vejle's Civil Defense leader, C.H. Jørgensen, believes that it is essential for the civil defense to be provided with the necessary support. Experimental studies are also being conducted in Helsingør and Odense municipalities to examine whether similar studies can be carried out in rural areas. Civil Defense official Lennart Konow stated that bomb shelters and public shelters can accommodate 35% of the Danish population. The study has been inspired by similar surveys conducted in the Netherlands."	"Neutral"
"6"	1316	1970	2	"Landsomfattende kælderanalyse"	"Silkeborg Avis"	"1970-2-6"	"Same article as 1293. The Civil Defense Agency is planning a nationwide basement survey to identify and register basements that can be used for protection, particularly against radiation from radioactive fallout. An intensive pilot study will also be conducted in the greater municipalities of Helsingør and Odense. They will investigate whether a similar analysis can be carried out in rural municipalities. Civil Defense Officer Lennart Konow states that the basement survey has been in the planning stages for several years and is intended to identify more secure protective measures, in addition to the current shelters and public protection rooms, which can protect approximately 35% of the population. The pilot study will assess how long and how expensive the full survey will be. The survey is inspired by a similar one conducted in the Netherlands."	"Positive"
"7"	1349	1970	2	"Helsingør modelby for kælder-analyse"	"Frederiksborg Amts Avis"	"1970-2-6"	"The Civil Defense has planned to survey basement spaces in 100 larger cities across the country. The goal is to identify suitable basements that can be used as shelters. The work will be based on the experience gained in the greater municipalities of Helsingør and Odense, where they have been surveying suitable basement spaces for some time. These two cities were chosen because their size and population make them good models for the rest of the country. The survey in the 100 cities has been in the works for several years and is motivated by the fact that there is currently only enough capacity to protect 35% of the population in shelters. The Civil Defense School in Espergærde will serve as a training center for the personnel who will conduct the analysis."	"Positive"
"8"	1377	1970	2	"Civilforsvaret planlægger omfattende »kælderanalyse«"	"Middelfart Venstreblad"	"1970-2-6"	"Similar to articles 1293,1316 and 1346. The Civil Defense Agency is planning a nationwide basement survey to identify and register basements that can be used for protection, particularly against radiation from radioactive fallout. An intensive pilot study will also be conducted in the greater municipalities of Helsingør and Odense. They will investigate whether a similar analysis can be carried out in rural municipalities. Civil Defense Officer Lennart Konow states that the basement survey has been in the planning stages for several years and is intended to identify more secure protective measures, in addition to the current shelters and public protection rooms, which can protect approximately 35% of the population."	"Positive"
"9"	1380	1970	2	"Kælder-analyse i Vejen"	"Kolding Folkeblad"	"1970-2-7"	"Vejen is participating in a nationwide basement survey to determine how many basements could potentially be converted into private shelters. Vejen has no wartime shelters, as its Civil Defense was only established in 1951. Civil Defense leader A. Vistisen estimates that, under current conditions, about 35% of Vejen's residents could be protected in a disaster situation."	"Positive"
"10"	1310	1970	2	"Landets kældre kortlægges for at få beskyttelsesrum"	"Morsø Folkeblad"	"1970-2-9"	"The civil defense plans to conduct a basement analysis in 100 larger cities across Denmark to register basements that can be used for protection, particularly with regard to shielding from radiation from radioactive fallout. Additionally, an intensive pilot study will be launched in the greater Helsingør and Odense municipalities to determine whether a similar analysis can be conducted in rural municipalities. Civil Defense official Lennart Konow explains that these pilot analyses will be carried out in cooperation with municipal authorities."	"Positive"
"11"	1330	1970	2	"De seks bornholmske købstæder med i omfattende kælderanalyse"	"Bornholmeren"	"1970-2-10"	"Similar to article 1293. The Civil Defense Agency is planning a nationwide basement survey to identify and register basements that can be used for protection, particularly against radiation from radioactive fallout. An intensive pilot study will also be conducted in the greater municipalities of Helsingør and Odense. They will investigate whether a similar analysis can be carried out in rural municipalities. Civil Defense Officer Lennart Konow states that the basement survey has been in the planning stages for several years and is intended to identify more secure protective measures, in addition to the current shelters and public protection rooms, which can protect approximately 35% of the population. The pilot study will assess how long and how expensive the full survey will be."	"Different opinions"
"12"	1379	1970	2	"Civilforsvaret i Næstved foran kæmpe-registrering"	"Næstved Tidende"	"1970-2-11"	"The Civil Defense in Næstved plans to conduct a multi-year survey of buildings constructed before 1950 to identify suitable shelters for use in a wartime scenario. The goal is to determine which spaces could serve as shelters if needed, though residents will not be required to set up these potential shelter spaces themselves. Currently, Næstved has shelter capacity for 50% of its residents."	"Positive"
"13"	1290	1970	2	"Hvorledes står vi rustet mod en radioaktiv krig?"	"Fredericia Dagblad"	"1970-2-13"	"The Civil Defense plans to conduct a comprehensive survey of basements across Denmark to identify and register those that can be used for protection against radiation from radioactive fallout. According to official Lennart Konow from the Civil Defense Agency, the survey has been in progress for several years and will be incorporated into the local civil defense efforts. However, Konow is uncertain about how long the survey will take or how much it will cost. The survey has been conducted in 100 cities and is divided into three parts: population analysis, fire analysis, and basement analysis. The survey is inspired by a similar study from the Netherlands. The Civil Defense is trying to find suitable protective measures, as it can currently only protect 35% of the population in shelters and public bomb shelters. The article also mentions that there has been very little interest from citizens in Fredericia in setting up private shelters."	"Different opinions"
