"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1323	1970	5	"Staten skulle spare penge, undlod udbedring af beskyttelsesrum: Svendborg er uden sikring"	"Fyns Amts Avis"	"1970-5-2"	"The civilian population in Horsens and Svendborg has been left without real protection against nuclear war. The original shelters in these cities were declared unsuitable in 1965 because the atomic-proof doors and ceiling hatches were cast in a gypsum mixture, which causes the steel to rust. At that time, the Civil Defense Agency stated that the faults would not be addressed immediately in the shelters, as this would save the state the costs of repairs. In 1965, civil defense director Erik Schultz expressed that he would be very strict with the contractors responsible for the gypsum issue. This company had also overseen the shelters in Storkøbenhavn, but the errors there have since been rectified. Five years later, Schultz stated that he believed the faults in Horsens and Svendborg had been fixed, but he now realizes this is not the case. He remarked that it is unacceptable for the errors to have remained uncorrected for the past five years and that they would be resolved during the summer. Hardy Christensen, the head of Svendborg’s civil defense, is very dissatisfied that the issues with the shelters have not been addressed."	"Negative"
"2"	1374	1970	5	"Civilforsvaret mod forureningen?"	"Sønderjyden"	"1970-5-19"	"The new director of the Civil Defense Association, Palle Simonsen, believes that the Civil Defense should have a forward-looking role, particularly focused on pollution issues, such as monitoring pollution levels or responding more actively in disaster situations (for instance, during floods). Simonsen argues that the Civil Defense, in collaboration with the military, helps prevent war. However, he also feels that Civil Defense does not measure up to the standards in the U.S., particularly in areas like signage for protective shelters."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1281	1970	5	"Landets første CF-hunde har hjemme i Sønderborg"	"Sønderjyden"	"1970-5-21"	"The civil defense in Sønderborg, among others, uses six dogs for rescue work. A preliminary test for Danish rescue dogs was held in the ruined city of Tinglev. The dogs took four minutes to find a figurant/buried person, a task that is usually allotted 30 minutes. In addition, there were tests in obedience training, covering, and jumping. The dogs are also trained to ignore smoke, fire, and noise. Moreover, the dogs are more effective than electronic listening devices, as the devices can only detect a buried person if they are able to make noises such as tapping. There are 75 dogs under training nationwide, with Sønderborg’s dogs being the most advanced. The goal is to have a strong team of dogs in all civil defense areas."	"Positive"
