"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1300	1971	9	"CF-lederne holder årsmøde i Aabenraa"	"Hejmdal"	"1971-9-9"	"The Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark is holding its general assembly and annual meeting in Aabenraa. The event will include a general assembly, annual meeting, professional presentations, discussions, and group meetings. On the final day, there will be an excursion to Flensburg to learn about German civil defense and to view shelters and civil defense equipment."	"Positive"
"2"	1311	1971	9	"CF-lederne holder årsmøde i Aabenraa"	"Sønderjyden"	"1971-9-9"	"Same article as 1300. The Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark is holding its general assembly and annual meeting in Aabenraa. The event will include a general assembly, annual meeting, professional presentations, discussions, and group meetings. On the final day, there will be an excursion to Flensburg to learn about German civil defense and to view shelters and civil defense equipment."	"Positive"
"3"	1408	1971	9	"CF-planlægning er under udarbejdelse"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1971-9-23"	"At the general assembly of the Association of Civil Defense Leaders, Civil Defense Chief P. Manicus-Hansen stated that the joint committee is expected to establish goals for various aspects of civil defense, such as organization, administration, training, and operational leadership. He believes this initiative will lead to better coordination of work across the specialized committees. Additionally, a joint meeting will be held for all committee members to strengthen cross-committee collaboration.
Under the leadership of the Ministry of the Interior, plans are being developed to integrate civil defense into municipal administrations. The current proposal suggests placing civil defense as an overarching function within municipal economic departments. However, the association's board is concerned about this approach, emphasizing that they want Civil Defense to remain an independent entity. They would only accept the plans if the economic departments are limited to decisions on financial matters without assuming broader leadership responsibilities.
The assembly also discussed the potential merging of the roles of civil defense leader and fire chief, as well as the creation of a unified disaster management system under municipal civil defense, usable in both wartime and peacetime. Other key topics included training programs and shelter construction. 
The goal is to develop a long-term strategy based on consistent principles, which will now be put into action. The board also suggested that smaller civil defense areas might need to be merged with larger units to ensure greater efficiency."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1303	1971	9	"Danske CF-ledere til årsmøde"	"Viborg Stifts Folkeblad"	"1971-9-27"	"150 civil defense personnel gathered for an annual meeting of the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark. The meeting was held in Aabenraa. The challenges facing civil defense were discussed at the meeting. Additionally, the attendees listened to lectures about the German civil defense, viewed a shelter, and saw the vehicles used by the West German civil defense."	"Neutral"
