"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1267	1971	3	"Demokrati i Randers CF. Også for værnepligtige"	"Randers Dagblad"	"1971-3-17"	"As the first civil defense unit in Denmark, Randers civil defense is equating conscripts with respect to the organization and training in the administrative leadership. This decision comes following a city analysis that indicated a smoother transition to a wartime situation could be achieved, which requires comprehensive knowledge of all operations, including the professional aspects. A total of four equally ranked groups will be established in the new structure, with conscripts having equal standing with the organizational leader. The conscript group will make up 40% of the workforce during wartime. Civil Defense Leader P.H. Frisch stated that integrating conscripts into the administrative leadership was entirely natural. He also noted that the new administrative structure will not significantly increase costs."	"Positive"
"2"	1358	1971	3	"Effektiv ledelse af civilforsvaret"	"Folkebladet for Randers og omegn"	"1971-3-17"	"The leadership structure in Randers Civil Defense is being reorganized. The change is being made to ensure that the daily administration closely resembles the wartime structure. Civil Defense leader P.H. Frisch in Randers presented the changes at the Civil Defense Commission meeting in Randers, which were received without debate. The leadership is divided into five main groups: the Civil Defense Commission, the leadership group, the administration group, the training group, and the professional group. The leadership group is set to be the most crucial unit in a wartime situation."	"Positive"
"3"	1410	1971	3	"Ikke plads til bunker-udstyr"	"Randers Dagblad"	"1971-3-17"	"The Civil Defense in Randers was supposed to collect equipment for 90 shelters from the regional depot in Bjerringbro. However, the Civil Defense in Randers will only accept the equipment if it can be packaged in a way that allows it to be placed directly in the shelters. The CF facility in Langvang does not meet the storage requirements for the materials. Part of the equipment includes lamp posts, which are to be installed at all shelters. The chairman of the commission, Mayor Sv. Thingholm, argues that it does not make sense to install the lamp posts immediately, as he fears it might alarm the public if the shelters are fully outfitted and visibly prepared along the streets."	"Different opinions"
