"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1400	1972	4	"General E. Kragh om Hækkerups spareplaner: Aldeles katastrofalt at slagte civilforsvaret"	"Aalborg Stiftstidende"	"1972-4-19"	"The Civil Defense Agency believes that the demands from Budget and Economic Minister Per Hækkerup for Interior Minister Egon Jensen to make cuts—and, if necessary, dismantle civil defense—will result in additional costs of 20 million kroner due to an increased number of conscientious objectors and 17 million kroner annually in severance pay following layoffs. The chairman of the National Association of Municipal Civil Defense Personnel, Civil Defense Chief A.P. Tage, and the vice chairman, Civil Defense Leader J.C. Kristensen, are meeting with the Interior Minister to protest Hækkerup’s demands, which they claim lack valid arguments. Hækkerup has called for 15 million kroner in civil defense cuts for the current year, with further cuts of 80 million in 1973-74 and 100 million in 1974-75. Former parliament member and Major General Erik Kragh believes it would be disastrous if civil defense is not continuously strengthened, as it plays a crucial role in limiting material damage and saving lives."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1356	1972	4	"Hækkerup - en af de bedste, men hvor tør han nedlægge civilforsvaret?"	"Aktuelt"	"1972-4-26"	"The article is a letter to the editor written by retired Major and Civil Defense leader Nygård from Rødby. He criticizes Per Hækkerup, the Minister of Economy and Budget, for wanting to dismantle the Civil Defense. Nygård argues that the Civil Defense has many shortcomings, making it inadequate to protect the population effectively during wartime, as well as a lack of modern shelters. He believes that the Civil Defense is crucial and cannot be done without."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1339	1972	4	"Økonomisk stramning for civilforsvaret"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1972-4-27"	"During a general meeting for civil defense in Tønder, the chairman of the civil defense association's Tønder branch, civil engineer Arne Sørensen, stated that there have been financial cutbacks in civil defense over the past year. They have only been able to fully train conscripts under section 31, while maintenance exercises, local training for conscripts, and much of the volunteer training have been put on hold. However, funding for public training in basic first aid and firefighting has not been reduced, and four courses were held during the year. The number of conscripts has increased and now stands at slightly over 200.

The equipment situation, the rescue service, accommodation and catering services, the firefighting service, block defense equipment, equipment for public shelters, and gear for mobilization and industrial defense are all progressing well. There are, however, shortages in the signal service, where the outlook for the promised new command center is not very promising. \"There are still only seven shelters with 350 spaces, but there are 3,998 spaces in 54 reinforced rooms.\" The civil defense also trains metalworking apprentices at the technical school in firefighting and first aid."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1373	1972	4	"Breve fra læserne. Nedlæggelse af civilforsvaret"	"Vestkysten"	"1972-4-27"	"This is a letter to the editor from Jørgen Jørgensen of Esbjerg. He is dissatisfied with the proposed budget cuts in the Civil Defense Force. Jørgensen believes that the recommendations from the so-called \"Investigation Gang\" would deprive the population of adequate protection in times of war. He argues that civil defense concerns all of us, and that these cuts would weaken it excessively."	"Different opinions"
