"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1282	1972	11	"En Aalborgenser på visit i det hellige land: Israels hær tager på stop hjem hver dag klokken 17"	"Aalborg Stiftstidende"	"1972-11-16"	"Civil Defense Chief A. Tage from Aalborg has been on a study trip in Israel for a few weeks. There, he studied how the Israeli civil defense operates under wartime conditions. The purpose of the trip was to gather insights and ideas that could improve Denmark's civil defense. He noted that Israel spends more money on civil defense than Denmark, primarily on protective measures. The costs of bomb shelters in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem almost equal Denmark's entire civil defense budget. All new houses are equipped with bomb shelters, and public shelters are widely used in Jerusalem. In Israel, civil defense is part of the military, making its members military personnel, unlike in Scandinavian countries, where civil defense is independent of the military. Military personnel in Israel are transferred to civil defense at the age of 45 and serve until they are 55. The equipment for Israeli civil defense is specially designed, whereas in Denmark, civilian vehicles are used. The training in Denmark and Israel is very similar when it comes to civil defense. It is still too early to say whether the ideas from the Israeli civil defense can be applied to Denmark."	"Positive"
"2"	1284	1972	11	"En Aalborgenser på visit i det hellige land: Israels hær tager på stop hjem hver dag klokken 17"	"Aalborg Stiftstidende"	"1972-11-16"	"Same article as 1282. Civil Defense Chief A. Tage from Aalborg has been on a study trip in Israel for a few weeks. There, he studied how the Israeli civil defense operates under wartime conditions. The purpose of the trip was to gather insights and ideas that could improve Denmark's civil defense. He noted that Israel spends more money on civil defense than Denmark, primarily on protective measures. The costs of bomb shelters in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem almost equal Denmark's entire civil defense budget. All new houses are equipped with bomb shelters, and public shelters are widely used in Jerusalem. In Israel, civil defense is part of the military, making its members military personnel, unlike in Scandinavian countries, where civil defense is independent of the military. Military personnel in Israel are transferred to civil defense at the age of 45 and serve until they are 55. The equipment for Israeli civil defense is specially designed, whereas in Denmark, civilian vehicles are used. The training in Denmark and Israel is very similar when it comes to civil defense. It is still too early to say whether the ideas from the Israeli civil defense can be applied to Denmark."	"Positive"
