"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1314	1972	5	"Hækkerups sparekniv har ramt de offentlige beskyttelsesrum"	"Aalborg Stiftstidende"	"1972-5-21"	"Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs Hækkerup has implemented cuts to civil defense. This means that the establishment of public shelters has been halted. In Aalborg, only every second resident will be able to seek protection in a shelter. However, this is above the national average of 41 percent. There are exceptions, such as Aarhus, where more residents can seek shelter compared to Aalborg. Additionally, the cuts have led to the civil defense agency declining to provide funding for a combined facility in the Food Inspection's new building in Aalborg East, which could otherwise have created 280 extra spaces. Earlier plans for the state to cover the additional costs for individuals to build their own shelters in single-family homes have never been realized. Civil defense chief A.P. Tage states that the establishment of public shelters is civil defense's biggest task during peacetime."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1368	1972	5	"Kraftig opbakning af civilforsvaret"	"Kolding Folkeblad"	"1972-5-23"	"There are upcoming budget cuts in the Civil Defense, with one committee tasked with finding savings in the setup of shelters, while another committee will look for savings within the corps in general. However, the Minister of the Interior has promised not to dismantle the Civil Defense. Regional Chief K. V. Birkenfeldt Nielsen from Civil Defense Region III remains optimistic about the situation and will continue unchanged. Civil Defense Inspector H. H. Jensen from Kolding's Civil Defense is awaiting developments but believes that the Civil Defense has support and will be able to receive help from individuals, institutions, and authorities if significant budget cuts are made. He is uncertain about their current position regarding the cuts but does not believe that the Civil Defense can be done without."	"Different opinions"
