"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1252	1973	1	"Magtesløst civilforsvar"	"Land og Folk"	"1973-1-6"	"Important. The article is written by the author Allan. He comments on a TV broadcast, \"If War Comes,\" which, according to him, showed that Denmark's civil defense is worthless in the event of war. He believes that the civil defense would be powerless in the outbreak of war and only exists to provide the population with a false sense of security. The Minister of the Interior, Egon Jensen, appeared in the broadcast, where he stated that the civil defense would not be able to handle a full-scale war situation, but that the country could not afford such a level of preparedness. There are shelters for half the population, and it would take 1-2 weeks to make them ready in the case of nuclear war, as well as biological and chemical warfare. The head of civil defense, E. Schultz, stated that emergency preparedness relies on having more warning time. Additionally, the author Hans Scherfig appeared in the broadcast, where he read from his satirical critical commentary from 1962, in which he tore apart the instructions of war experts."	"Negative"
"2"	1395	1973	1	"Folkegasmasken skal sælges"	"Land og Folk"	"1973-1-9"	"The article is written in the newspaper Land og Folk, which is published by the Danish Communist Party. The writer Allan expresses a negative view of civil defense. He recently watched a TV program on the Danish civil defense and believes it demonstrates the organization’s helplessness in a wartime scenario, suggesting that their talk of protection merely provides a false sense of security to the public. Furthermore, he mentions the gas mask for civilians, which, contrary to the original plan to distribute it freely to the entire population, will now be sold for 10 kroner. Allan criticizes the gas mask's limited effectiveness, as it only offers protection for 30–60 minutes, which he finds insufficient—especially considering that shelters would take up to two weeks to be prepared in the event of ABC (Atomic, Biological, Chemical) warfare."	"Negative"
"3"	1394	1973	1	"Svensk pragt-udfoldelse for dronning Margrethe"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1973-1-17"	"Not relevant. It concerns Queen Margrethe and Prince Henrik's state visit to Stockholm. Prince Henrik inspected a Swedish shelter located 25 meters below sea level, capable of sheltering 700 people."	"Neutral"
"4"	1396	1973	1	"Svensk pragt-udfoldelse for dronning Margrethe"	"Hejmdal"	"1973-1-17"	"Not relevant. It concerns Queen Margrethe and Prince Henrik's state visit to Stockholm. Prince Henrik inspected a Swedish shelter located 25 meters below sea level, capable of sheltering 700 people."	"Neutral"
