"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1409	1975	4	"Sovjets civilforsvar er stærkt udbygget"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1975-4-9"	"Lieutenant Colonel V.K. Sørensen writes in an article in Civil Defense Magazine that the Soviet civil defense system is more extensively developed than is common in civil defense organizations in Western countries. The Soviet civil defense plans to evacuate populations away from cities and relocate critical factories. Additionally, they aim to build more shelters to protect urban populations. Everyone aged 16–60 undergoes a brief civil defense training. Furthermore, they attempt to carry out informational campaigns, though not always with great success. The Soviets believe they can issue warnings several days before a potential attack, which they claim would allow them to safeguard critical segments of the population and secure key organizations. 

The head of the Danish Civil Defense Corps, I.A. Brask Thomsen, also features in the magazine. He asserts that there are skilled personnel and quality equipment in the Danish civil defense, which can also be utilized during peacetime. There has been progress in the civil defense's peacetime responsibilities, including cooperation with the Environmental Protection Agency and the Civil Defense Agency on pollution-related issues."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1256	1975	4	"Sovjets civilforsvar er stærkt udbygget"	"Herning Folkeblad"	"1975-4-11"	"The article refers to an article written by Lieutenant Colonel V. K. Sørensen in the \"Civil Defense Journal\" (Civilforsvarsbladet). He writes that Soviet civil defense is more developed than in Western countries, partly due to a philosophy that civil defense is \"one of the factors determining a nation's potential strength and society's ability to survive.\" Their civil defense is structured around the evacuation of the population, relocation of vital factories, and the construction of shelters to protect most of the urban population. Everyone between the ages of 16 and 60 receives brief civil defense training. Additionally, the civil defense conducts extensive public information campaigns, with varying success according to V. K. Sørensen. He also believes that they expect to receive warnings of an impending attack several days in advance, rather than just hours."	"Different opinions"
