"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1391	1977	9	"CF-lederforeningens årsmøde i Randers: Årsberetning med kritik af civilforsvarsstyrelsen

RANDERS

af civilforsvarsstyrelsen"	"Djursland"	"1977-9-21"	"An annual meeting for the Civil Defense Leaders' Association was held in Randers. The leaders expressed dissatisfaction with the Civil Defense Agency, particularly regarding its cost-saving measures. They feel that their viewpoints have not been heard and differ significantly from those of the Civil Defense Agency in response to the ministry. Civil Defense Chief P. Manicus-Hansen did not recognize that the Civil Defense Leaders' Association had agreed with the Civil Defense Agency's viewpoints, as indicated in the response to the ministry. The leaders have only agreed to the establishment of a technical committee to assess the tactical implications of the cuts, which include a 40-million-kroner reduction in civil defense expenditures. 

The civil defense leaders are part of a coordination committee, where they feel the committee’s perspectives have not been acknowledged. A committee established under the Ministry of the Interior is to review a report from the ministry that proposed shutting down four civil defense barracks, reducing the number of permanent officers and civilian employees to 150, and decreasing the mobilization force from 1,500 to 700-800. This would mean they would not be able to handle peacetime tasks and would integrate the peacetime firefighting services with civil defense operations."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1411	1977	9	"CF-ledernes årsmøde i Randers: Uenighed i toppen om sikringsrumspolitikken"	"Djursland"	"1977-9-21"	"Director of Civil Defense E. Schultz and the head of the Greater Copenhagen Civil Defense area, as well as the chairman of the Association of Civil Defense Leaders in Denmark, P. Manicus-Hansen, disagree on several key issues. These points of contention include \"the role of economics in the foundation for a more active shelter policy, the importance of ventilation facilities in shelters and protected rooms, and the time frame for reaching shelters upon alarm in wartime.\" The disagreements surfaced during a meeting held in connection with the Civil Defense Leaders Association's annual conference in Randers.
Manicus-Hansen believes that civil defense technicians should not concern themselves with economic constraints when setting goals for a sound shelter policy, arguing that this is a responsibility for politicians. Schultz, on the other hand, asserts that the objectives must be economically realistic.
The disagreement over ventilation facilities and timeframes revolved around Schultz’s view that enhanced ventilation in shelters is less critical, coupled with his belief that the warning period would allow for 6–7 days to take action in case of an alarm. Manicus-Hansen countered that the timeline would be just a few days, making effective ventilation crucial if people were to remain in shelters for extended periods.
Randers' deputy mayor, architect Kjeld Kjeldsen, argued that the government should fund shelters in private buildings. He also observed a lack of public support for a shelter policy and suggested launching an information campaign to shift public opinion, thereby encouraging politicians to allocate funds for shelters. Schultz proposed conducting urban analyses to identify more locations for shelters, emphasizing a preference for private over public shelters, as he believed the latter could not be established in sufficient numbers.
Manicus-Hansen expressed disappointment that there is no mandatory requirement for shelters in single-family housing areas. He also maintained that ventilation in shelters is inadequate for prolonged stays. Furthermore, with the alarm timeframe reduced from 6–7 days to 48 hours, he argued that shelters should be quickly adaptable for use while serving other purposes in peacetime. Schultz disagreed, suggesting that in the event of radioactive fallout, it would be possible to ventilate shelters effectively after 5–6 hours. He also refuted Manicus-Hansen’s claim that NATO had revised its warning timelines, asserting that no such change had occurred."	"Different opinions"
