"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1431	1980	10	"Spændende hvad Anker J. siger om forsvaret"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1980-10-7"	"The letter to the editor is from Ove Bjerregaard Madsen, a volunteer unit leader in the Home Guard, where he criticizes the Social Democrats' defense and security policy. He particularly condemns the party’s collaboration policy during World War II. Madsen expresses concern about the status of Denmark’s total defense, noting that Civil Defense lacks sufficient personnel and that those who are involved are inadequately trained. He points out that there are shelters available for only half of the population and argues that the country's emergency medical supplies should be discarded due to their outdated status. Additionally, Madsen is critical of the condition of the military, the police, and the Home Guard."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1423	1980	10	"Nødvendigt at yde CF støtte"	"Lolland-Falsters Folketidende"	"1980-10-27"	"Almost same article as 1420. The article is a letter to the editor by MP Gerda Møller from the Conservative Party, published in response to the Civil Defense Agency’s memorandum detailing the shortcomings and current state of civil defense. Møller acknowledges that while the preparedness is effective, it is insufficient to adequately protect the population. She specifically highlights the lack of a plan to safeguard civilians in the event of an attack with chemical weapons.Møller argues that inaction is unacceptable and calls for decisive political action across all areas. She also criticizes the inadequate protection of vital parts of society’s production infrastructure, such as telecommunications and data systems, as well as gaps in material preparedness. Furthermore, she finds it unacceptable that Civil Defense accounts for only 2 per mille of the state budget, compared to 7 per mille in the past. She emphasizes that the public must recognize the critical role that civil defense plays in a crisis and insists it should be given greater priority, including at the political level. Møller also urges the government to meet the Civil Defense Agency’s demands for increased resources, particularly for planning in the most urgently affected areas. She also mentions that the Civil Defense Agency believes an increase in funding for Civil Defense would lead to greater employment opportunities."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1464	1980	10	"Hold Danmark fri"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1980-10-28"	"Jens Thoft, a member of the Aarhus chapter of \"Never Again War,\" argues that increasing the defense budget and acquiring more military equipment will not make Denmark safer. He notes that the defense budget is currently 8 billion kroner, but highlights that several hidden expenses—such as civil defense—are not included in this figure.  Thoft believes the funds would be better spent addressing issues in the Third World or tackling societal problems within Denmark. He also criticizes the use of nuclear weapons and expresses concern that the U.S. might station nuclear weapons in Denmark, making the country a likely target for bombing.  
He calls for an end to rearmament and warns of the risk of accidental nuclear war, citing incidents in the United States where military computer systems have malfunctioned multiple times."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1452	1980	10	"Regionsleder i civilforsvaret: Absurd at tro på total beskyttelse"	"Jyllands-Posten"	"1980-10-31"	"Regional Leader Niels Flemming Holm from Aarhus believes that the protection of the civilian population can never be complete—even if civil defense operates efficiently with a functioning warning system, adequate bomb shelters, and an effective emergency service. He points out that Denmark's strategic geographical location at the straits to and from the Baltic Sea makes the country of significant interest to surrounding nations. Therefore, Holm stresses that Denmark must face reality, as war could also unfold on its soil. He argues that the debate about civil defense and its capabilities to protect the civilian population lacks objectivity and rational discussion."	"Different opinions"
