"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1458	1980	2	"Kanal 22 fik ikke alt med"	"Sjællands Tidende"	"1980-2-11"	"Column leader Jens Hjort from the Civil Defense in Hillerød criticizes Kanal 22’s program \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"). He believes the program presented a valuable opportunity to inform the public about the importance of civil defense. However, he argues that the show depicted civil defense as something foreign to Denmark. Hjort emphasizes that civil defense is a crucial part of the total defense system, and he believes that politicians need to recognize this and provide better working conditions for civil defense personnel. This, he argues, is essential for ensuring civil defense readiness in case of war. He outlines various aspects of civil defense, including the reduction in the national budget for civil defense since 1965, where funding has dropped from 0.69% to 0.21%. He also discusses the importance of shelters and basements as effective protection against radioactive radiation. Hjort highlights that the civil defense corps is almost fully developed, functioning as a nearly professional disaster management force."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1472	1980	2	"Hvad kanal 22 ikke fik fortalt om civilforsvaret"	"Frederiksborg Amts Avis"	"1980-2-11"	"Almost same article as 1458 and 1459. Column leader Jens Hjort from the Civil Defense in Hillerød criticizes Kanal 22’s program \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"). He believes the program presented a valuable opportunity to inform the public about the importance of civil defense. However, he argues that the show depicted civil defense as something foreign to Denmark. Jens Hjort argues that the Civil Defense Agency could have done a better job informing citizens about self-protection measures during war. However, he acknowledges the risk of creating unnecessary fear among the population. He points out that civil defense is facing annual budget cuts of 20 million DKK, leading to reductions in personnel. Hjort believes that a well-developed civil defense system could save even more lives, emphasizing the importance of sufficient resources and proper planning to maximize its effectiveness. Hjort emphasizes that civil defense is a crucial part of the total defense system, and he believes that politicians need to recognize this and provide better working conditions for civil defense personnel. This, he argues, is essential for ensuring civil defense readiness in case of war. He outlines various aspects of civil defense, including the reduction in the national budget for civil defense since 1965, where funding has dropped from 0.69% to 0.21%. He also discusses the importance of shelters and basements as effective protection against radioactive radiation. Hjort highlights that the civil defense corps is almost fully developed, functioning as a nearly professional disaster management force."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1477	1980	2	"Hvad kanal 22 ikke fik fortalt om civilforsvaret"	"Horsens Folkeblad"	"1980-2-14"	"Almost same article as 1458, 1459 and 1472. Column leader Jens Hjort from the Civil Defense in Hillerød criticizes Kanal 22’s program \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"). He believes the program presented a valuable opportunity to inform the public about the importance of civil defense. However, he argues that the show depicted civil defense as something foreign to Denmark. Jens Hjort argues that the Civil Defense Agency could have done a better job informing citizens about self-protection measures during war. However, he acknowledges the risk of creating unnecessary fear among the population. He points out that civil defense is facing annual budget cuts of 20 million DKK, leading to reductions in personnel. Hjort believes that a well-developed civil defense system could save even more lives, emphasizing the importance of sufficient resources and proper planning to maximize its effectiveness. Hjort emphasizes that civil defense is a crucial part of the total defense system, and he believes that politicians need to recognize this and provide better working conditions for civil defense personnel. This, he argues, is essential for ensuring civil defense readiness in case of war. He outlines various aspects of civil defense, including the reduction in the national budget for civil defense since 1965, where funding has dropped from 0.69% to 0.21%. He also discusses the importance of shelters and basements as effective protection against radioactive radiation. Hjort highlights that the civil defense corps is almost fully developed, functioning as a nearly professional disaster management force."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1502	1980	2	"Hvad kanal 22 ikke fortalte om CF"	"Midtjyllands Avis"	"1980-2-14"	"Almost same article as 1458, 1459, 1472 and 1477. Column leader Jens Hjort from the Civil Defense in Hillerød criticizes Kanal 22’s program \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"). He believes the program presented a valuable opportunity to inform the public about the importance of civil defense. However, he argues that the show depicted civil defense as something foreign to Denmark. Jens Hjort argues that the Civil Defense Agency could have done a better job informing citizens about self-protection measures during war. However, he acknowledges the risk of creating unnecessary fear among the population. He points out that civil defense is facing annual budget cuts of 20 million DKK, leading to reductions in personnel. Hjort believes that a well-developed civil defense system could save even more lives, emphasizing the importance of sufficient resources and proper planning to maximize its effectiveness. Hjort emphasizes that civil defense is a crucial part of the total defense system, and he believes that politicians need to recognize this and provide better working conditions for civil defense personnel. This, he argues, is essential for ensuring civil defense readiness in case of war. He outlines various aspects of civil defense, including the reduction in the national budget for civil defense since 1965, where funding has dropped from 0.69% to 0.21%. He also discusses the importance of shelters and basements as effective protection against radioactive radiation. Hjort highlights that the civil defense corps is almost fully developed, functioning as a nearly professional disaster management force."	"Different opinions"
"5"	1459	1980	2	"Hvad kanal 22 ikke fik fortalt om civilforsvaret"	"Vestkysten"	"1980-2-18"	"Almost same article as 1458. Column leader Jens Hjort from the Civil Defense in Hillerød criticizes Kanal 22’s program \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"). He believes the program presented a valuable opportunity to inform the public about the importance of civil defense. However, he argues that the show depicted civil defense as something foreign to Denmark. Jens Hjort argues that the Civil Defense Agency could have done a better job informing citizens about self-protection measures during war. However, he acknowledges the risk of creating unnecessary fear among the population. He points out that civil defense is facing annual budget cuts of 20 million DKK, leading to reductions in personnel. Hjort believes that a well-developed civil defense system could save even more lives, emphasizing the importance of sufficient resources and proper planning to maximize its effectiveness. Hjort emphasizes that civil defense is a crucial part of the total defense system, and he believes that politicians need to recognize this and provide better working conditions for civil defense personnel. This, he argues, is essential for ensuring civil defense readiness in case of war. He outlines various aspects of civil defense, including the reduction in the national budget for civil defense since 1965, where funding has dropped from 0.69% to 0.21%. He also discusses the importance of shelters and basements as effective protection against radioactive radiation. Hjort highlights that the civil defense corps is almost fully developed, functioning as a nearly professional disaster management force."	"Different opinions"
"6"	1454	1980	2	"Det svigtede civilforsvar"	"Aktuelt"	"1980-2-19"	"The article, which is a report from Jyllands-Posten, highlights that civil defense is being neglected due to a 20 million kroner cut in funding. The article argues that instead of reducing funds, civil defense should be strengthened. It criticizes the state of civil defense personnel, noting that much of the workforce exists only on paper and lacks proper training. Additionally, the article points out problems with protective shelters, where contractors have failed to comply with the obligation to build shelters in all buildings larger than two-family homes. The article also emphasizes that civil defense plays an important role in peaceful situations, such as dealing with pollution, fires, and other emergencies."	"Different opinions"
