"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1420	1980	11	"Det elendige civilforsvar"	"Berlingske Tidende"	"1980-11-6"	"The article is a letter to the editor by MP Gerda Møller from the Conservative Party, published in response to the Civil Defense Agency’s memorandum detailing the shortcomings and current state of civil defense. Møller acknowledges that while the preparedness is effective, it is insufficient to adequately protect the population. She specifically highlights the lack of a plan to safeguard civilians in the event of an attack with chemical weapons.Møller argues that inaction is unacceptable and calls for decisive political action across all areas. She also criticizes the inadequate protection of vital parts of society’s production infrastructure, such as telecommunications and data systems, as well as gaps in material preparedness. Furthermore, she finds it unacceptable that Civil Defense accounts for only 2 per mille of the state budget, compared to 7 per mille in the past. She emphasizes that the public must recognize the critical role that civil defense plays in a crisis and insists it should be given greater priority, including at the political level. Møller also urges the government to meet the Civil Defense Agency’s demands for increased resources, particularly for planning in the most urgently affected areas."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1493	1980	11	"Vil ikke vurdere a-våbenangreb på Nato-depoter"	"Information"	"1980-11-6"	"Prime Minister Anker Jørgensen refuses to conduct an investigation or assess the civilian population’s situation following a missile attack on existing NATO depots, which the Defense Commission has identified as likely targets and which are documented in the Civil Defense Administration’s Memorandum on Civil Defense in the 1980s. Venstre Socialist Preben Wilhjelm questioned Jørgensen about the possibility of such an investigation or report, but the Prime Minister argued that it would require significant resources and would only shed light on one of several possible scenarios. Instead, Jørgensen emphasized that Civil Defense should allocate its resources to advancing the planning work that the government has tasked the administration with, focusing on improving preparedness against chemical warfare agents, the police’s Civil Defense responsibilities, municipal Civil Defense, siren systems for warnings, and shelters to ensure the population’s safety and security."	"Different opinions"
