"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1497	1981	7	"Information på vej om krig og katastrofe. General alarm - gå inden for og lyt til radioen"	"Weekendavisen"	"1981-7-10"	"Information is on the way to the public regarding how to act in a war or disaster situation and how the authorities plan to provide assistance. This initiative does not come from a central public authority but rather from a combination of local municipal initiatives and the private company Mostrups Forlag. For example, the municipality of Helsingør has provided its residents with information in a guide on how to protect themselves from nuclear weapons. This initiative inspired Græsted-Gilleleje, which followed suit and published its own \"guide.\" Svend Erik Skydt, the director of Mostrups Forlag, stated that the \"guides\" should generally include some pages about total defense, and he initiated the project due to the government’s passive approach to these matters. In January of this year, a meeting was held between Skydt, two representatives from the Defense Command, and two representatives from the Civil Defense Administration, where it was decided to initially focus on purely civil defense-related information. In the near future, special editions will be produced for municipalities that already have \"guides\" published by Mostrups Forlag. Regarding the content of the pamphlet, it has been noted that the public is largely unaware of the authorities’ emergency planning, which has led to many questions—especially considering the ongoing debate about Barsebäck."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1424	1981	7	"Sikringsrum på HS tages op i Folketinget"	"Lemvig Folkeblad"	"1981-7-17"	"A case involving the company HS Kedler in Tarm has drawn attention, as the Civil Defense Agency demands that the company build a shelter for 400 employees, even though they only have 200 employees, and the existing shelter can accommodate them. The company is struggling financially and has had to lay off staff. Henrik Toft, a Member of Parliament from the Liberal Party (Venstre), has intervened in the case and will attempt to get the Civil Defense Agency to grant an exemption for the company’s construction of the shelter. Toft also plans to consult with former Interior Minister Knud Enggaard. If the agency refuses, Toft intends to raise the issue in the Parliament with the current Interior Minister."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1425	1981	7	"Sikringsrum på HS tages op i Folketinget"	"Ringkjøbing Amts Dagblad"	"1981-7-17"	"Same article as 1424. A case involving the company HS Kedler in Tarm has drawn attention, as the Civil Defense Agency demands that the company build a shelter for 400 employees, even though they only have 200 employees, and the existing shelter can accommodate them. The company is struggling financially and has had to lay off staff. Henrik Toft, a Member of Parliament from the Liberal Party (Venstre), has intervened in the case and will attempt to get the Civil Defense Agency to grant an exemption for the company’s construction of the shelter. Toft also plans to consult with former Interior Minister Knud Enggaard. If the agency refuses, Toft intends to raise the issue in the Parliament with the current Interior Minister."	"Different opinions"
