"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1476	1981	3	"Hvis krigen kommer kan CF hjælpe, men det koster"	"Berlingske Tidende"	"1981-3-4"	"The Civil Defense aims to increase public knowledge about its role. The director of Civil Defense, Erik Schultz, believes that most of the population turns a blind eye to the threat—either by assuming it won’t affect Denmark or by thinking that, if an attack does occur, any efforts would ultimately be futile. Civil Defense has been a topic of ongoing debate following revelations about how poorly the civilian population is protected in the event of a crisis. Compared to the military's expenditure of 1,347 DKK per capita in 1979, the figure for civil defense tasks is only 58 DKK per capita. The article suggests that much of the population is indifferent to civil defense, viewing it as akin to conscientious objectors, dismissively referring to them as \"snake charmers\" because they assist in firefighting during peacetime. Regarding Civil Defense's shortcomings, CF Inspector Kaj Duch, in a discussion in Herning, stated that the population cannot be protected against chemical warfare and that there are shelters for only half of Denmark's population. He doesn’t understand why the civilian population does not demand better measures, such as warnings against gas attacks. Column Chief H. Kolberg argues that outdated emergency medicine is only replaced when the public demands it. The article also features interviews with participants from a Civil Defense training course, who are very positive about the organization. The Civil Defense in Randers Municipality has made significant progress, including completing a comprehensive city analysis, and is described in the article as a model municipality. However, Civil Defense leader P.H. Frisch does not believe nuclear war would affect Denmark, reasoning that an enemy would avoid unnecessary destruction. He also advocates for individual municipal plans for Civil Defense since cities differ in their vulnerabilities. Frisch thinks politicians cut Civil Defense funding because the public lacks sufficient awareness of the issue, and, in a wartime scenario, politicians would either be removed by the enemy or not survive. The Civil Defense leadership has submitted a memorandum on Danish Civil Defense in the 1980s to the Minister of the Interior. Civil Defense Director Erik Schultz argues that Denmark’s geographic location makes it vulnerable and believes it is the politicians’ responsibility to protect the civilian population. If further cuts to Civil Defense are made, Schultz contends that the public will have only themselves to blame, as their lack of interest signals indifference to civilian protection. The article also provides a neutral explanation of the structure of Civil Defense and its volunteers."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1413	1981	3	"Krydsforhør. Civilforsvarets kronprins og administrationschef: Vi har de bedste veteranbiler"	"Søndags_Aktuelt"	"1981-3-15"	"The article is an interview with Lauritz Hvidt, the Chief Administrator of Civil Defense. He explains that some of Civil Defense’s initiatives are considered laughable by the public, such as running around with fire hoses, but he believes people will appreciate these efforts if a crisis occurs. Hvidt also observes an element of irony directed at Civil Defense, which he attributes to people’s feelings of helplessness regarding the situation. The article includes the quote: \"People laugh at us because they fear the war.\" In addition, Abildgaard mentions that the fire brigade was rapidly established after World War II and, as a result, resembles the structure of the military, a model from which Civil Defense has since diverged. For them, the most important thing is that a large force can be placed under unified command. He also states that 70% of the population can be protected by shelters. Civil Defense costs 280 million DKK annually, with two-thirds allocated to the Civil Defense Corps, and the remainder spent on planning, volunteer tasks, shelters, and command centers."	"Different opinions"
