"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1499	1981	1	"Negativt svar til skole: Ingen beredskabsplaner mod atomkatastrofer eller krig"	"Information"	"1981-1-10"	"A school board and teachers at Lundevang School in Gladsaxe Municipality are dissatisfied with a response from the municipality's Building and Environmental Inspection Office stating that there is no emergency plan for the school in the event of a nuclear disaster or war—a response that took the office six months to deliver. There is concern, for example, about the lack of protection at the school should an accident occur at Barsebäck. The school has no shelters, which likely means it would have to close in the event of a war. The chairman of the school board, Erik Vandrup, is unhappy with the response and notes the lack of clear guidelines for safety in crisis situations. The issue will be discussed by the school board and subsequently brought to the teachers' council."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1460	1981	1	"Den lokale kredsformand, Johs. Hansen: Nødvendigt med kovending i civilforsvars-spørgsmål"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1981-1-15"	"The chairman of the Civil Defense Association in Vojens, Johs. Hansen, believes that civil defense as a whole might have been at risk of dissolution if the Civil Defense Agency had not issued a memorandum on its state. He argues that the memorandum has helped raise awareness among both the public and politicians about the need to improve civil defense so it can respond effectively in the event of war. Hansen expresses concern that further budget cuts for civil defense are likely, as political and economic interest in civil defense continues to decline, while the military receives increased funding. He urges politicians to consider that reorganizing civil defense could create additional jobs. The article also highlights significant deficiencies, including a lack of adequate shelters, insufficient protection against chemical agents and radioactive fallout, inadequate training for the police’s civil defense corps, shortcomings in warning systems, municipal civil defense planning, hospital readiness, telecommunications, equipment procurement, the infrastructure for civil defense units, supply preparedness, data security, and municipal emergency preparedness. Furthermore, the article emphasizes the lack of a broad public debate about civil defense issues."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1510	1981	1	"Obersten og Bilgrav: Uenigheden dæmpedes ved samtale på tomandshånd"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1981-1-25"	"The conversation took place at Haderslev Barracks between the commander of Military Region III, Colonel N. K. Nørgaard, and Jens Bilgrav-Nielsen, defense policy spokesperson for the Social Liberals (Det Radikale Venstre). The meeting was arranged by Jydske Tidende and Nørgaard as a follow-up to a series of articles on total defense that Bilgrav-Nielsen had commented on. In these articles, Bilgrav-Nielsen had pointed out the lack of coordination between civilian and military defense mechanisms. However, Colonel Nørgaard believed this had already been resolved many years ago. During the conversation, Bilgrav-Nielsen emphasized that his focus was not on the lack of coordination, but on the general lack of debate about total defense. Nørgaard invited Bilgrav-Nielsen to the barracks to present the current organization and the plans that had been made for both civilian and military preparations. He believed they were doing the best they could under the given circumstances, even though there were still areas that had not been fully resolved. Bilgrav-Nielsen pointed out that there were still significant gaps in civil defense, such as the lack of preparedness for chemical warfare and protective shelters, and he wanted to include the civilian aspects in the defense debate. The two agreed that both civilian and military defense mechanisms should be strengthened, but disagreed on how the money should be distributed. Bilgrav-Nielsen criticized that defense spending often favored the military, while Nørgaard argued that more funds were also needed for the military to ensure the continued effectiveness of the Defense"	"Different opinions"
"4"	1511	1981	1	"Obersten og Bilgrav: Uenigheden dæmpedes ved samtale på tomandshånd"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1981-1-25"	"Same article as 1510. The conversation took place at Haderslev Barracks between the commander of Military Region III, Colonel N. K. Nørgaard, and Jens Bilgrav-Nielsen, defense policy spokesperson for the Social Liberals (Det Radikale Venstre). The meeting was arranged by Jydske Tidende and Nørgaard as a follow-up to a series of articles on total defense that Bilgrav-Nielsen had commented on. In these articles, Bilgrav-Nielsen had pointed out the lack of coordination between civilian and military defense mechanisms. However, Colonel Nørgaard believed this had already been resolved many years ago. During the conversation, Bilgrav-Nielsen emphasized that his focus was not on the lack of coordination, but on the general lack of debate about total defense. Nørgaard invited Bilgrav-Nielsen to the barracks to present the current organization and the plans that had been made for both civilian and military preparations. He believed they were doing the best they could under the given circumstances, even though there were still areas that had not been fully resolved. Bilgrav-Nielsen pointed out that there were still significant gaps in civil defense, such as the lack of preparedness for chemical warfare and protective shelters, and he wanted to include the civilian aspects in the defense debate. The two agreed that both civilian and military defense mechanisms should be strengthened, but disagreed on how the money should be distributed. Bilgrav-Nielsen criticized that defense spending often favored the military, while Nørgaard argued that more funds were also needed for the military to ensure the continued effectiveness of the Defense"	"Different opinions"
