"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1441	1983	12	"Civilforsvaret skal styrkes - det er utilstrækkeligt"	"Dagbladet"	"1983-12-8"	"It is a letter to the editor from Minister of the Interior Britta Schall Holberg. She emphasizes that civil defense is crucial regardless of Denmark's foreign and security policy or the extent of its military capabilities. She disagrees with those who believe that a strong civil defense or preparedness indirectly legitimizes military action. She also points out that advancements in weaponry mean that entire societies are affected during war. Moreover, technological developments make society vulnerable to acts of war, such as attacks on power supplies or telecommunications.
Schall Holberg argues that chaos during war can be avoided if civilian functions continue to operate, which requires proper planning. She references a memorandum issued by the Civil Defense Authority three years ago, highlighting deficiencies. While progress has been made in building energy supply preparedness, other areas suffer due to limited resources and public complacency, with people dismissing war as an unlikely reality.
She focuses on strengthening civil defense, particularly at the municipal level and through volunteer work. The 1970 municipal reform necessitated better adjustments, and the 1982 law highlights the responsibility of local elected officials and collaboration with fire services. Challenges include inadequate warning systems, insufficient shelters, and a lack of preparedness against chemical warfare. 
Economic constraints mean that the current annual budget of 650 million DKK must be prioritized carefully. Schall Holberg stresses the importance of voluntary work as a key to fostering understanding and engagement locally. By assigning civil defense more tangible peacetime responsibilities, it could increase its relevance and strengthen community bonds."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1489	1983	12	"Civilbeskyttelse"	"Information"	"1983-12-22"	"This is an opinion piece by the Minister for the Interior, Britta Schall Holberg. She responds to a previous editorial in Information by Henrik Nørgaard-Beth, who criticized the lack of protection for the population, particularly in relation to the insufficient number of shelters. Holberg expresses her appreciation for the public debate about civil defense and agrees with Beth’s emphasis on the importance of protective measures, something she has previously called for. However, she disagrees with the idea of dividing the population into first and second-class citizens, explaining that secure locations have been created for those who are responsible for critical societal functions. She acknowledges that civil defense has its flaws but also points out that some aspects are functioning well. She agrees that the shelter situation is inadequate. Holberg asserts that civil defense needs to be strengthened, a view that is supported by most of the public according to opinion polls. While she acknowledges that not all improvements can be made due to the high costs, as every area of society is facing stagnation or cuts, she highlights that the Ministry of the Interior will attempt to support the most strained areas within civil defense through re-prioritization. She hopes that a broad political consensus can be achieved on this matter. Additionally, she will work on creating a five-year political agreement on civil defense."	"Different opinions"
