"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1504	1983	10	"Vi har forsvar, men ingen beskyttelse"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1983-10-14"	"Same article as 1500. This is a letter to the editor from architect Henrik Nørgaard-Beth, who argues that Denmark would be rendered ineffective in the first phase of a war situation—even if the conflict were to occur abroad. He criticizes the fact that the Minister of the Interior, the rest of the government, the royal family, the military, and other \"elites\" are ensured effective protection, while the general population is not. He believes that civilians are caught in a power struggle between the military defense and peace movements, as neither seeks to protect the civilian population. The military avoids doing so to prevent their inadequacies from being exposed and because they support armament to deter war. Meanwhile, peace movements oppose protection measures because they see them as an acceptance of war, instead advocating for disarmament to prevent conflict. Nørgaard-Beth argues that protection should be viewed as a \"both-and\" solution rather than the \"either-or\" dichotomy proposed by peace movements, which suggest that the world must either achieve peace or face annihilation. He believes that people can survive a nuclear war and would be in better condition if shelters were equipped with filters against radioactive particles and chemical agents—something that is both technically and economically feasible.
He insists that the population has a right to be informed about the true state of affairs and describes the Civil Defense pamphlet \"On Surviving\" as a scandalous publication."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1500	1983	10	"Kan danskerne være trygge ved beskyttelsen?"	"Berlingske Tidende"	"1983-10-21"	"This is a letter to the editor from architect Henrik Nørgaard-Beth, who argues that Denmark would be rendered ineffective in the first phase of a war situation—even if the conflict were to occur abroad. He criticizes the fact that the Minister of the Interior, the rest of the government, the royal family, the military, and other \"elites\" are ensured effective protection, while the general population is not. He believes that civilians are caught in a power struggle between the military defense and peace movements, as neither seeks to protect the civilian population. The military avoids doing so to prevent their inadequacies from being exposed and because they support armament to deter war. Meanwhile, peace movements oppose protection measures because they see them as an acceptance of war, instead advocating for disarmament to prevent conflict. Nørgaard-Beth argues that protection should be viewed as a \"both-and\" solution rather than the \"either-or\" dichotomy proposed by peace movements, which suggest that the world must either achieve peace or face annihilation. He believes that people can survive a nuclear war and would be in better condition if shelters were equipped with filters against radioactive particles and chemical agents—something that is both technically and economically feasible.
He insists that the population has a right to be informed about the true state of affairs and describes the Civil Defense pamphlet \"On Surviving\" as a scandalous publication."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1485	1983	10	"Sikringsrum til 26.000 i Grenå"	"Djursland"	"1983-10-26"	"Civil Defense Regional Chief A.V. Holm believes that Grenaa's preparedness in a disaster situation is inadequate due to an outdated warning system, a worn-out communication system, and the incomplete construction of shelters. However, Mayor Arne Jessen argues that the preparedness has been significantly developed, with shelters available for 26,157 people, indicating that Grenaa is well-equipped in his view. Grenaa is well-prepared in terms of materials and buildings, with good facilities for training in dedicated educational spaces. On Djursland, 30 warning routes have been established, and 114 people have been trained for the task. Various opinions are expressed in the article. For example, Civil Defense Consultant Henning Eriksen from Aarhus believes that the population can do much to protect themselves, such as reading the Civil Defense pamphlet, as help might not arrive immediately during a disaster. City Council Member Poul Erik Pedersen from Grenaa thinks the local Civil Defense is reasonable but emphasizes the need to ensure resources are used as efficiently as possible. City Council Member Henning Sørensen acknowledged the relevance of Civil Defense, particularly for addressing the risks posed by hazardous industries in the area. However, he also argued that the greatest issue is militarization, which creates false illusions about what Civil Defense can realistically achieve. School Director Karl Munk noted that in developing countries, even small resources have been shown to accomplish a lot."	"Different opinions"
