"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1412	1983	6	"Civilforsvaret helt utilstrækkelig:Men Middelfart ligger over landsgennemsnittet"	"Middelfart Venstreblad"	"1983-6-13"	"Middelfart Civil Defense is not adequately equipped for warning or protection in the event of war, but it can provide shelter for half of the municipality's residents. Fire inspector and civil defense leader Bent Abildgaard from Middelfart calls for new sirens and shelters. There are currently only three sirens in Middelfart, which Abildgaard considers insufficient. Sirens are also lacking in rural areas, but these areas will instead be warned via police cars with sirens, which will follow a planned route. Abildgaard believes that World War II-era shelters can still be used, even though people often ridicule them. The municipal civil defense is working on developing support measures, including addressing power outages, providing solutions in case of telephone system failures, and installing signage for shelters. Middelfart is above the national average in terms of preparedness. However, on a national scale, the civil defense's readiness is inadequate during wartime. Half of the country's population would be without protection. Establishing a basic emergency preparedness system by the state would cost 230 million DKK, while implementing an optimal gas preparedness system would cost 2 billion DKK. The civil defense now plans to initiate a broad public debate about the future development and funding of the civil defense system."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1435	1983	6	"Civilforsvaret er aldeles utroværdigt"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1983-6-30"	"This is a letter to the editor from Henrik Nörgaard-Beth from Tønder. He believes that the current state of civil defense is untrustworthy and holds politicians responsible. Furthermore, he disagrees with peace campaigns that demand disarmament without proposing an alternative defense strategy, arguing that this would only lead to military escalation. Nörgaard-Beth points out that only 3% of the total defense budget is allocated to civil defense. He advocates for a more balanced distribution of resources between civil defense and the military, as seen in Switzerland. He also suggests that Denmark should legislate that every house must include an effective shelter, secured against nuclear and chemical weapons, and capable of housing people for several weeks, as is mandatory in Switzerland.
He criticizes Defense Minister Engell for praising the Danish military while neglecting the protection of the civilian population—especially given the mere 246,000 outdated public shelter spaces available in Denmark. Additionally, he takes issue with Engell’s claim that civil defense is a private matter, arguing that this leaves those without financial means unprotected. Nörgaard-Beth contrasts Denmark’s weak civil defense with the more developed systems in West Germany, England, and the United States, and highlights the comprehensive civil defense measures in place in the Soviet Union, China, and Switzerland. He urges a departure from the “all or nothing” mindset—where defense policy swings between full rearmament or full disarmament—a dilemma in which civil defense becomes neglected. 
He concludes by stressing the urgent need to improve civil defense, particularly as the United States plans to deploy missiles in Europe."	"Negative"
