"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1480	1983	11	"Hvor blev borgerne af"	"Næstved Tidende"	"1983-11-1"	"It is a letter to the editor from Ulrik Gjellerup of Herlufmagle (South Zealand Municipality), who criticizes the low turnout (only five citizens not affiliated with civil defense) at a town hall meeting about civil defense. He argues that there is a real threat of war and that the lack of public engagement reflects passivity and a belief that civil defense is ineffective. Gjellerup believes that supporting civil defense involves participating in a constructive debate about its shortcomings, possibilities, and benefits. Overall, he emphasizes that civil defense is both effective and essential."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1442	1983	11	"Brug for et politisk forlig om civilforsvar"	"Dagbladet"	"1983-11-7"	"A letter to the editor from Member of Parliament for the Conservative People's Party, consultant Bo Kristensen from Børkop. He argues that Denmark does not have an adequate civil defense system and would be poorly equipped in the event of war. He criticizes the lack of willingness to debate the situation or take precautions. According to Kristensen, the political left places its hope in peace, assuming that other countries will follow suit. He believes peace has been maintained because different nations and groups keep each other in check, making it essential for Denmark to actively participate in NATO.
Kristensen contends that the Social Democrats have weakened civil defense, which has not progressed beyond the standards of World War II. He highlights advancements in technology, such as nuclear weapons and chemical agents, which increase the need for greater civilian protection. He stresses that all citizens should have access to shelters, noting that currently only half of the population does, and not all shelters are gas-proof. Additionally, the warning system is not functioning optimally and relies on electricity, making it vulnerable.
To address these issues, he proposes a broadly supported civil defense agreement in Parliament. This, he suggests, would provide budget stability and allow civil defense to operate with a sense of security and focus."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1507	1983	11	"Civilbefolkningen er dårligt stillet i krig"	"Næstved Tidende"	"1983-11-7"	"Same article as 1442, but in this article, he is referred to as Lars Bo Kristensen and not Bo Kristensen as in 1442. A letter to the editor from Member of Parliament for the Conservative People's Party, consultant (Lars) Bo Kristensen from Børkop. He argues that Denmark does not have an adequate civil defense system and would be poorly equipped in the event of war. He criticizes the lack of willingness to debate the situation or take precautions. According to Kristensen, the political left places its hope in peace, assuming that other countries will follow suit. He believes peace has been maintained because different nations and groups keep each other in check, making it essential for Denmark to actively participate in NATO.
Kristensen contends that the Social Democrats have weakened civil defense, which has not progressed beyond the standards of World War II. He highlights advancements in technology, such as nuclear weapons and chemical agents, which increase the need for greater civilian protection. He stresses that all citizens should have access to shelters, noting that currently only half of the population does, and not all shelters are gas-proof. Additionally, the warning system is not functioning optimally and relies on electricity, making it vulnerable.
To address these issues, he proposes a broadly supported civil defense agreement in Parliament. This, he suggests, would provide budget stability and allow civil defense to operate with a sense of security and focus."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1434	1983	11	"Om at overleve"	"Vestkysten"	"1983-11-30"	"The letter to the editor by substitute teacher Anna K. Andreasen from Rødding criticizes the state of Denmark’s Civil Defense and the lack of public engagement regarding the government's pamphlet \"Om at overleve\" (\"How to Survive\"). She begins by noting that the pamphlet has not sparked debate among citizens, which has puzzled Interior Minister Britta Schall-Holberg. Civil Defense Director Ole Forsting attributes this to the public’s lack of knowledge about Civil Defense. Politicians, such as CD politician Carl Hahn, have also voiced concerns, deeming Civil Defense inadequate. Andreasen highlights the diminished priority of Civil Defense, citing 16 years of budget cuts that have left it ill-equipped to handle modern weaponry. She specifically criticizes the lack of sufficient shelters and points out flaws in the pamphlet, such as its discussion of warnings despite the absence of a functional warning system and its outdated recommendations for protection against radioactive fallout in basements. She contrasts this with Danish medical experts’ findings that nuclear attacks could cause total destruction. Moreover, the pamphlet fails to mention that shelters provide no protection against gas attacks. Andreasen references Major Clemmensen of the Defense Command’s planning group, who stated in 1980 that Civil Defense and the Danish military would be ineffective in the event of nuclear war. She calls for a public debate based on Civil Defense memoranda and questions the timing of the pamphlet’s release amidst global military escalation. She concludes that the inadequacy of Civil Defense stems from political indifference, specifically criticizing Prime Minister Poul Schlüter for not initiating negotiations with other parties on Civil Defense issues. Andreasen urges citizens to investigate the state of their local Civil Defense and advocate for improvements."	"Different opinions"
"5"	1455	1983	11	"Om at overleve"	"Vestkysten"	"1983-11-30"	"Same article as 1434. The letter to the editor by substitute teacher Anna K. Andreasen from Rødding criticizes the state of Denmark’s Civil Defense and the lack of public engagement regarding the government's pamphlet \"Om at overleve\" (\"How to Survive\"). She begins by noting that the pamphlet has not sparked debate among citizens, which has puzzled Interior Minister Britta Schall-Holberg. Civil Defense Director Ole Forsting attributes this to the public’s lack of knowledge about Civil Defense. Politicians, such as CD politician Carl Hahn, have also voiced concerns, deeming Civil Defense inadequate. Andreasen highlights the diminished priority of Civil Defense, citing 16 years of budget cuts that have left it ill-equipped to handle modern weaponry. She specifically criticizes the lack of sufficient shelters and points out flaws in the pamphlet, such as its discussion of warnings despite the absence of a functional warning system and its outdated recommendations for protection against radioactive fallout in basements. She contrasts this with Danish medical experts’ findings that nuclear attacks could cause total destruction. Moreover, the pamphlet fails to mention that shelters provide no protection against gas attacks. Andreasen references Major Clemmensen of the Defense Command’s planning group, who stated in 1980 that Civil Defense and the Danish military would be ineffective in the event of nuclear war. She calls for a public debate based on Civil Defense memoranda and questions the timing of the pamphlet’s release amidst global military escalation. She concludes that the inadequacy of Civil Defense stems from political indifference, specifically criticizing Prime Minister Poul Schlüter for not initiating negotiations with other parties on Civil Defense issues. Andreasen urges citizens to investigate the state of their local Civil Defense and advocate for improvements."	"Different opinions"
