"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1449	1983	9	"Fredsbevægelser og civilforsvar"	"Frederiksborg Amts Avis"	"1983-9-6"	"Letter to the Editor by DKB District Leader Kirsten Hjort Lorenzen from Birkerød. Kirsten Hjort Lorenzen, a district leader in the Danish Women's Preparedness organization (DKB) in Birkerød, questions why more people do not actively participate in civil protection efforts. She argues that citizens can take an active role by engaging in the public debate on the effectiveness of Denmark’s civil defense. This includes discussing issues such as the efficiency of the alarm system, the availability of bomb shelters, and whether Denmark should provide gas masks for its population, as is done in Norway and Sweden. Lorenzen emphasizes that individuals can also contribute by volunteering with the Civil Defense Association or the Danish Women's Preparedness organization, where they can receive training to mitigate the horrors of war as effectively as possible. For those unable to volunteer, she suggests joining as passive members of these organizations and making annual financial contributions to support their efforts."	"Positive"
"2"	1488	1983	9	"Civilforsvaret et NATO-halehæng"	"Weekendavisen"	"1983-9-16"	"This is a letter to the editor from Anne Grete Holmsgaard, a member of parliament for the Socialist People’s Party (Venstresocialisterne). She responds to a letter by Henrik Nørgaard-Beth, who argues that Civil Defense urgently needs more funding, including for the construction of effective shelters. Holmsgaard believes that NATO's push to strengthen Civil Defense is tied to the illusion that the population can be protected from a nuclear war. She argues that Nørgaard-Beth contributes to perpetuating this illusion, alongside the Civil Defense Administration’s pamphlet On Surviving, which she disagrees with—specifically its advice to hide in makeshift indoor shelters made from bookshelves filled with books, sand, or soil. Holmsgaard contends that the only way to truly ensure the population’s safety is to remove missile targets (for example, reception sites and depots intended for use by foreign troops) rather than create them."	"Negative"
"3"	1486	1983	9	"Civilforsvarspjecen er god nok"	"Middelfart Venstreblad"	"1983-9-25"	"A letter to the editor from Civil Defense leader Ib Dalsfledt of Assens. Dalsfledt highlights a past mistake in the Civil Defense pamphlet If War Comes from 1962, which recommended the public purchase five cans of minced meat that could only be found in a specific chain store.
Recently, the new pamphlet On Surviving (Om at overleve) has been released, and the newspaper Morgenposten published a review of it by Chief Physician Dr. Med. Michael Petri, a member of the organization \"Danish Doctors Against Nuclear Weapons.\" Dalsfledt criticizes this review, arguing that Petri’s own pamphlet, Medical Consequences of Nuclear War, is not written objectively but is instead a fear-mongering campaign. Dalsfledt questions the relevance of Petri’s commentary on the Civil Defense pamphlet. He also criticizes Petri for interpreting the phrase “stop the disaster” as an appeal to halt the use of nuclear weapons. Dalsfledt clarifies that the phrase is intended to mean stopping incidents such as car accidents in peacetime, illustrating efforts to prevent disasters in general. He further disapproves of Petri using the pamphlet review as an opportunity to campaign against nuclear weapons, as the pamphlet is solely intended to provide guidance for survival if an incident occurs. The new Civil Defense pamphlet acknowledges that people will die in attacks but emphasizes that individuals can improve their chances of survival by following its advice. Dalsfledt hopes many will pick up and read the pamphlet, arguing that some protection is better than none. He also asserts that the current state of Civil Defense reflects how much funding has been allocated to it over time."	"Different opinions"
