"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1474	1983	5	"Civilforsvaret ser øget risiko for kemisk krig"	"Information"	"1983-5-3"	"In a report from the Civil Defense Directorate, it is stated that there is an increased risk of chemical weapon attacks on Denmark, which means that there is a need for investments in protection amounting to several hundred million kroner, as there is currently no form of protection in place. Furthermore, the Civil Defense Association has launched a campaign to spark public debate about the needs of civil defense. There are also necessary improvements in areas such as warning systems, shelters, public information, and municipal civil defense. Regarding gas attacks, not all shelters are equipped to protect against them. The Civil Defense Directorate acknowledges that casualties during war cannot be avoided, but emphasizes that many lives could be saved if civil defense is expanded. Additionally, they highlight the financial cuts that civil defense has endured."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1509	1983	5	"USA ønsker nye kemiske våben i Vesteuropa"	"Information"	"1983-5-4"	"NATO's political authorities and the United States are considering the placement of chemical weapons in Western Europe. Some American representatives believe that the deployment of more chemical weapons in Europe will serve as a deterrent against Soviet chemical attacks. Sources at NATO headquarters, as well as Danish officials, confirm that the issue has been raised, but there is disagreement on how far the plans have progressed. This may possibly be because it has only been discussed among officials. The Danish Civil Defense has attempted to propose an expanded readiness to protect against chemical warfare. The report from the U.S. Foreign Affairs Committee states that Western Europeans are opposed to the placement of new chemical weapons in Western Europe. The Danes are being somewhat dishonest with the Americans when they claim that their civil defense can protect against chemical attacks. The Civil Defense Directorate has sent out a statement stating that Denmark does not have any real gas preparedness."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1445	1983	5	"Nyt varslingssystem"	"Vestkysten"	"1983-5-9"	"The report \"CF-Redegørelse 82\", which examines Denmark's civil defense, argues that a well-developed civil defense system could save many lives. The report highlights key deficiencies in the system, such as the inadequate siren warning system for the population and the lack of shelters and protective spaces. Currently, shelters are available for only half of the population, emphasizing the need to accelerate their construction. The report is intended to spark public debate and is expected to become a significant political issue."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1444	1983	5	"Debat om civilforsvaret nødvendig"	"Horsens Folkeblad"	"1983-5-19"	"The new Civil Defense Director, Ole Forsting, believes that the public knows too little about civil defense and that there is a lack of broader debate on the topic. Referring to a report on civil defense work, Forsting mentioned the need for a new warning system and improvements to the deficiencies in shelters. He expressed surprise at the lack of discussion about the report in the media and among the public. Civil Defense Chief A.P. Tage was not positive about the civil defense report, as he felt it focused too much on what might be politically feasible rather than on what is necessary. He criticized the report for being too modest in its recommendations, suggesting only a maximum of 30 million additional kroner for the civil defense budget. He also pointed out that cuts in block grants to municipalities would affect civil defense budgets. Therefore, he believes alternative ways must be found to address the tasks of civil defense."	"Different opinions"
"5"	1450	1983	5	"Ny overlevelses-pjece"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1983-5-19"	"The Civil Defense Agency has released a new pamphlet titled \"Om at overleve\" (\"How to Survive\"), which will not be distributed to all households but will instead be made available in libraries and should be usable in education, according to Interior Minister Britta Schall Holberg. She emphasizes that information is crucial for citizens to protect themselves and their loved ones. Reflecting on the 20-year-old pamphlet \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"), which was often ridiculed rather than taken seriously, Schall Holberg insists that survival is possible after an attack if sufficient protection and warning systems are in place. Both the minister and Civil Defense Director Ole Forsting expressed surprise at the lack of public debate about civil defense in Denmark. Forsting highlighted the general lack of public knowledge about civil defense, the urgent need to establish effective warning systems, and improvements needed for protective shelters."	"Different opinions"
"6"	1465	1983	5	"Selvforsvar er en pligt i krig"	"Thisted Dagblad"	"1983-5-19"	"The article uses phrases from both 1444 and 1450 (two different articles). The Civil Defense Agency has released a new pamphlet titled \"Om at overleve\" (\"How to Survive\"), which will not be distributed to all households but will instead be made available in libraries, according to Interior Minister Britta Schall Holberg. She emphasizes that information is crucial for citizens to protect themselves and their loved ones. Reflecting on the 20-year-old pamphlet \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"), she criticized the old pamphlet and recommended the new one \"Om at overleve.\" Schall Holberg insists that survival is possible after an attack if sufficient protection and warning systems are in place. The new Civil Defense Director, Ole Forsting, believes that the public knows too little about civil defense and that there is a lack of broader debate on the topic. Referring to a report on civil defense work, Forsting mentioned the need for a new warning system and improvements to the deficiencies in shelters. He expressed surprise at the lack of discussion about the report in the media and among the public. Civil Defense Chief A.P. Tage was not positive about the civil defense report, as he felt it focused too much on what might be politically feasible rather than on what is necessary. He criticized the report for being too modest in its recommendations, suggesting only a maximum of 30 million additional kroner for the civil defense budget. He also pointed out that cuts in block grants to municipalities would affect civil defense budgets. Therefore, he believes alternative ways must be found to address the tasks of civil defense."	"Different opinions"
"7"	1467	1983	5	"»Om at overleve« skal nu afløse »Hvis krigen kommer«"	"Den ny Frederikshavns Avis"	"1983-5-20"	"Same article as 1450, 1462 and 1466. The Civil Defense Agency has released a new pamphlet titled \"Om at overleve\" (\"How to Survive\"), which will not be distributed to all households but will instead be made available in libraries and should be usable in education, according to Interior Minister Britta Schall Holberg. She emphasizes that information is crucial for citizens to protect themselves and their loved ones. Reflecting on the 20-year-old pamphlet \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"), which was often ridiculed rather than taken seriously, Schall Holberg insists that survival is possible after an attack if sufficient protection and warning systems are in place. Both the minister and Civil Defense Director Ole Forsting expressed surprise at the lack of public debate about civil defense in Denmark. Forsting highlighted the general lack of public knowledge about civil defense, the urgent need to establish effective warning systems, and improvements needed for protective shelters."	"Different opinions"
"8"	1468	1983	5	"Skuffet over Civilforsvarsstyrelsens redegørelse"	"Holstebro Dagblad"	"1983-5-20"	"Civil Defense Chief A.P. Tage was not positive about the civil defense report \"CF-redegørelse 82\", as he felt it focused too much on what might be politically feasible rather than on what is necessary. The report points out that an expansion of the civil defense cannot guarantee that the population will avoid significant losses in a war. A.P Tage emphasizes the importance of highlighting deficiencies such as insufficient shelters and protection against chemical warfare. Furthermore, it is essential that every individual is willing to contribute to increasing both their own and others' chances of survival. He criticized the report for being too modest in its recommendations, suggesting only a maximum of 30 million additional kroner for the civil defense budget. He also pointed out that cuts in block grants to municipalities would affect civil defense budgets. Therefore, he believes alternative ways must be found to address the tasks of civil defense."	"Different opinions"
"9"	1475	1983	5	"Civilforsvaret udsender pjece om at overleve"	"Morsø Folkeblad"	"1983-5-20"	"Same article as 1450, 1462, 1466 and 1467. The Civil Defense Agency has released a new pamphlet titled \"Om at overleve\" (\"How to Survive\"), which will not be distributed to all households but will instead be made available in libraries and should be usable in education, according to Interior Minister Britta Schall Holberg. She emphasizes that information is crucial for citizens to protect themselves and their loved ones. Reflecting on the 20-year-old pamphlet \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"), which was often ridiculed rather than taken seriously, Schall Holberg insists that survival is possible after an attack if sufficient protection and warning systems are in place. Both the minister and Civil Defense Director Ole Forsting expressed surprise at the lack of public debate about civil defense in Denmark. Forsting highlighted the general lack of public knowledge about civil defense, the urgent need to establish effective warning systems, and improvements needed for protective shelters."	"Different opinions"
"10"	1456	1983	5	"Overleve"	"Lemvig Folkeblad"	"1983-5-21"	"This article features Interior Minister Britta Schall Holberg's comments on the Civil Defense Directorate's development plan for the coming years. She believes that a majority of people would survive an attack, with the number of survivors increasing with more measures such as additional shelters, an alert system, and the ability to provide assistance to those in need. Holberg acknowledges that civil defense is effective in situations like fires and environmental accidents but has shortcomings in other areas. These gaps were highlighted in the Civil Defense Directorate's memorandum two years ago. Holberg suggests that these deficiencies could be addressed if the civilian population is willing to fund the improvements, but for now, civil defense must make do with the available resources and prioritize covering the most critical gaps. She calls for a broad public debate on the protection of civilians."	"Different opinions"
"11"	1457	1983	5	"Overleve"	"Ringkjøbing Amts Dagblad"	"1983-5-21"	"Same article as 1456. This article features Interior Minister Britta Schall Holberg's comments on the Civil Defense Directorate's development plan for the coming years. She believes that a majority of people would survive an attack, with the number of survivors increasing with more measures such as additional shelters, an alert system, and the ability to provide assistance to those in need. Holberg acknowledges that civil defense is effective in situations like fires and environmental accidents but has shortcomings in other areas. These gaps were highlighted in the Civil Defense Directorate's memorandum two years ago. Holberg suggests that these deficiencies could be addressed if the civilian population is willing to fund the improvements, but for now, civil defense must make do with the available resources and prioritize covering the most critical gaps. She calls for a broad public debate on the protection of civilians."	"Different opinions"
"12"	1466	1983	5	"Kunsten at overleve"	"Vendsyssel Tidende"	"1983-5-21"	"Same article as 1450 and 1462. The Civil Defense Agency has released a new pamphlet titled \"Om at overleve\" (\"How to Survive\"), which will not be distributed to all households but will instead be made available in libraries and should be usable in education, according to Interior Minister Britta Schall Holberg. She emphasizes that information is crucial for citizens to protect themselves and their loved ones. Reflecting on the 20-year-old pamphlet \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"), which was often ridiculed rather than taken seriously, Schall Holberg insists that survival is possible after an attack if sufficient protection and warning systems are in place. Both the minister and Civil Defense Director Ole Forsting expressed surprise at the lack of public debate about civil defense in Denmark. Forsting highlighted the general lack of public knowledge about civil defense, the urgent need to establish effective warning systems, and improvements needed for protective shelters."	"Different opinions"
"13"	1462	1983	5	"Ny pjece om at overleve i krigstilfælde"	"Aarhus Stiftstidende"	"1983-5-22"	"Same article as 1450. The Civil Defense Agency has released a new pamphlet titled \"Om at overleve\" (\"How to Survive\"), which will not be distributed to all households but will instead be made available in libraries and should be usable in education, according to Interior Minister Britta Schall Holberg. She emphasizes that information is crucial for citizens to protect themselves and their loved ones. Reflecting on the 20-year-old pamphlet \"Hvis krigen kommer\" (\"If War Comes\"), which was often ridiculed rather than taken seriously, Schall Holberg insists that survival is possible after an attack if sufficient protection and warning systems are in place. Both the minister and Civil Defense Director Ole Forsting expressed surprise at the lack of public debate about civil defense in Denmark. Forsting highlighted the general lack of public knowledge about civil defense, the urgent need to establish effective warning systems, and improvements needed for protective shelters."	"Different opinions"
"14"	1443	1983	5	"CFs fremtid skal til offentlig debat"	"Bornholmeren"	"1983-5-26"	"This autumn, discussions will take place regarding the future development of civil defense. In this context, the Civil Defense Association has distributed a pamphlet intended to serve as the basis for a public debate. The discussion paper outlines key topics such as the police's civil defense responsibilities, municipal civil defense, siren systems for warning, shelters, and preparedness against chemical warfare. These areas have been designated by the Ministry of the Interior, which has tasked the Civil Defense Agency with addressing them in preparation for upcoming political decisions."	"Positive"
"15"	1448	1983	5	"Civilforsvaret intet værd uden stor opbakning"	"Vestkysten"	"1983-5-26"	"Civil defense in Denmark is significantly underfunded compared to the military, costing just 66 kroner per citizen versus the military’s 1,716 kroner per citizen. Recent budget cuts to civil defense have prompted widespread debate within civil defense circles, aiming to alert politicians and the public to the system’s shortcomings. Advocates stress that an efficient civil defense system is essential for saving lives. Civil Defense Leader Arne Årøe and Deputy Commander Kaare Øhlenschlæger have voiced concerns over the public's apparent lack of interest in civil defense and self-protection. They argue that this apathy makes it challenging to draw political attention to the system’s deficiencies. Årøe, for example, points out that the population is not adequately protected against gas attacks, as there are insufficient gas masks. He also highlights disparities in resource allocation, noting that Esbjerg is under-equipped in terms of materials and personnel compared to other cities that receive greater support. Furthermore, Esbjerg lacks sufficient bomb shelters, although it does have an adequate number of secure rooms. Årøe suggests Denmark could take inspiration from countries like Switzerland and Israel, where new buildings are not constructed without shelters. Esbjerg’s civil defense also suffers from a shortage of personnel—particularly officers—and volunteers, which Årøe and Øhlenschlæger attribute to the lack of public awareness about civil defense and the absence of inspiring \"heroes\" in the field. While Esbjerg’s civil defense has contingency plans and some equipment, it still faces critical gaps in funding, resources, and staffing. According to Årøe, the broader challenges facing civil defense in Denmark include:  
1. Inadequate preparedness for chemical warfare.  
2. Outdated siren warning systems.  
3. A general shortage of bomb shelters."	"Different opinions"
