"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1414	1984	1	"Byrådsmedlem Rasmus Pedersen: Kertemindes CF-plan et stort flopnummer"	"Fyens Stiftstidende"	"1984-1-1"	"Rasmus Pedersen, a city council member from the Socialist People’s Party (SF) in Kerteminde, believes the civil defense plan for Kerteminde Municipality is a failure and refuses to vote in favor of it. He argues that the allocated 30,000 DKK for purchasing equipment is insufficient to protect the population. Pedersen is also skeptical of the collaboration between Civil Defense and the military, viewing the civil defense plan as merely a catalog of unmet needs. Kerteminde’s Civil Defense lacks shelters, residential protections, workplace defense measures, sufficient personnel, adequate facilities, communication equipment, as well as firefighting and rescue equipment."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1415	1984	1	"Byrådsmedlem Rasmus Pedersen: Kertemindes CF-plan et stort flopnummer"	"Middelfart Venstreblad"	"1984-1-1"	"Same article as 1414. Rasmus Pedersen, a city council member from the Socialist People’s Party (SF) in Kerteminde, believes the civil defense plan for Kerteminde Municipality is a failure and refuses to vote in favor of it. He argues that the allocated 30,000 DKK for purchasing equipment is insufficient to protect the population. Pedersen is also skeptical of the collaboration between Civil Defense and the military, viewing the civil defense plan as merely a catalog of unmet needs. Kerteminde’s Civil Defense lacks shelters, residential protections, workplace defense measures, sufficient personnel, adequate facilities, communication equipment, as well as firefighting and rescue equipment."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1426	1984	1	"Hele sandheden er ikke med i den nye CF-plan"	"Amtsavisen_Randers"	"1984-1-30"	"The same article as 1422. A new Civil Defense plan for Randers reveals that the local Civil Defense lacks shelters, food supplies, and personnel necessary for proper protection. According to the Civil Defense leader in Randers, P.H. Frisch, the report does not cover everything, as it fails to address support functions like food, fuel, and replacement equipment when things break down. The report also states that Randers is short of 886 personnel. Within the Civil Defense community, there is a belief that the new Civil Defense plans may have been rushed. Frisch is dissatisfied with the principles on which the plans were based, suggesting that vulnerability analyses could have been used. The Socialist People’s Party (SF) in the Randers city council was the only party that did not vote in favor of the Civil Defense plan, as they felt they could not make a decision on Civil Defense issues without proper preparation and thorough consideration."	"Different opinions"
"4"	1422	1984	1	"Hele sandheden er ikke med i den nye CF-plan"	"Djursland"	"1984-1-31"	"A new Civil Defense plan for Randers reveals that the local Civil Defense lacks shelters, food supplies, and personnel necessary for proper protection. According to the Civil Defense leader in Randers, P.H. Frisch, the report does not cover everything, as it fails to address support functions like food, fuel, and replacement equipment when things break down. The report also states that Randers is short of 886 personnel. Within the Civil Defense community, there is a belief that the new Civil Defense plans may have been rushed. Frisch is dissatisfied with the principles on which the plans were based, suggesting that vulnerability analyses could have been used. The Socialist People’s Party (SF) in the Randers city council was the only party that did not vote in favor of the Civil Defense plan, as they felt they could not make a decision on Civil Defense issues without proper preparation and thorough consideration."	"Different opinions"
