"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1446	1985	9	"Lokalt beredskab"	"Vestkysten"	"1985-9-19"	"Letter to the Editor by Civil Defense Leader N.P. Wiborg from Aabenraa. Civil Defense Leader N.P. Wiborg from Aabenraa criticizes the lack of public debate about changes in municipal responsibilities regarding the establishment of emergency preparedness. He points out that the public is not sufficiently informed about the legislation on civil defense. In his letter to the editor, he explains that the adoption of the Civil Defense Act on May 27, 1981, mandated that all municipalities must have a civil defense system, which became their sole responsibility—including the maintenance of a civil defense preparedness. Moreover, all municipal councils were required to draft a civil defense plan and a civil defense preparedness plan for their local civil defense. The civil defense plan forms the basis of civil protection in the municipalities, but it has sparked minimal discussion among citizens. Wiborg also criticizes the budget cuts to civil defense over the years—from being allocated 0.69% of the national budget in 1964 to just 0.17% in 1982—while noting the public's lack of reaction to these reductions. On a positive note, he acknowledges the shift in priorities under the new government, which has introduced three-year financial frameworks for civil defense and negotiated a 1984 agreement (the CF Agreement) that added an extra 57 million kroner to the budget. However, he again expresses surprise at the lack of public interest in this agreement, as he believes that public engagement could help secure favorable CF agreements in the future. Wiborg highlights that the Parliament has passed the \"Civil Emergency Preparedness Act,\" which imposes even more obligations on municipalities concerning civil preparedness and the associated planning. These obligations aim to ensure that municipalities are well-equipped to handle crises, such as providing emergency power to key infrastructure, ensuring access to drinking water, and more. He emphasizes that thorough planning in case of war provides citizens with a sense of security. Finally, he calls for a public debate, stressing that people should take responsibility for protecting themselves and creating their own emergency preparedness plans based on their individual circumstances, rather than relying solely on the plans devised by society."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1473	1985	9	"Kommuner gør sig klar til krig"	"Amtsavisen"	"1985-9-27"	"A civil defense exercise will be held across the entire Central Jutland region (Midtjylland), as municipalities need to be prepared to address new challenges in the event of war. The exercise will focus on collaboration between local civil defense, the police, and the municipality, and will be organized by Civil Defense Region II, which includes Aarhus, Viborg, and Ringkøbing counties. The exercise will consist of three parts: a study period, a paper-based exercise, and a command station exercise. In Randers, an analysis will be conducted to determine how long it takes to prepare a bomb shelter, as well as what happens after five hours in the shelters. Two bomb shelters and 100 people will be used, with 50 people in each shelter for the exercise."	"Neutral"
"3"	1492	1985	9	"Kommuner gør sig klar til krig"	"Djursland"	"1985-9-27"	"Same article as 1473. A civil defense exercise will be held across the entire Central Jutland region (Midtjylland), as municipalities need to be prepared to address new challenges in the event of war. The exercise will focus on collaboration between local civil defense, the police, and the municipality, and will be organized by Civil Defense Region II, which includes Aarhus, Viborg, and Ringkøbing counties. The exercise will consist of three parts: a study period, a paper-based exercise, and a command station exercise. In Randers, an analysis will be conducted to determine how long it takes to prepare a bomb shelter, as well as what happens after five hours in the shelters. Two bomb shelters and 100 people will be used, with 50 people in each shelter for the exercise."	"Neutral"
