"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1481	1985	8	"Civilforsvaret vil lukke dørene op"	"Midtjyllands Avis"	"1985-8-13"	"The Civil Defense in Bjerringbro is hosting an open house. Unlike other municipalities, their civil defense plans are publicly accessible. They aim to show residents what the civil defense can and cannot do, as well as demonstrate their equipment in action.  
Visitors will have the opportunity to participate in various activities, such as first aid demonstrations, fire extinguishing demonstrations, and observing the canine service. Additionally, they can meet the organization Skildpadden (The Turtle). Civil Defense Assistant Finn Gervin from Bjerringbro hopes that the event will spark a discussion about the resources available to the civil defense."	"Positive"
"2"	1417	1985	8	"400 kr. pr. mand for et godt civilforsvar"	"Midtjyllands Avis"	"1985-8-19"	"The article argues that Denmark is helpless if exposed to war gases and chemical weapons. Bjerringbro Civil Defense held an open house to demonstrate various rescue exercises and inform the public. However, Fire Inspector and Civil Defense leader Niels Pagh Andreasen expressed disappointment over the low turnout, attributing it to a lack of public interest. He also noted that the local Civil Defense has only 15-20 volunteers. Two representatives from Skildpadden—an organization formed four years ago to foster debate about Civil Defense—Lars W. Brædstrup and Ole E. Dallris, believe that people fail to see the value of Civil Defense. They regret the lack of a contingency plan for gas attacks and criticize the halted development of the public gas mask due to financial constraints."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1439	1985	8	"400 kr. pr. mand for et godt civilforsvar"	"Midtjyllands Avis"	"1985-8-19"	"Same article as 1417. The article argues that Denmark is helpless if exposed to war gases and chemical weapons. Bjerringbro Civil Defense held an open house to demonstrate various rescue exercises and inform the public. However, Fire Inspector and Civil Defense leader Niels Pagh Andreasen expressed disappointment over the low turnout, attributing it to a lack of public interest. He also noted that the local Civil Defense has only 15-20 volunteers. Two representatives from Skildpadden—an organization formed four years ago to foster debate about Civil Defense—Lars W. Brædstrup and Ole E. Dallris, believe that people fail to see the value of Civil Defense. They regret the lack of a contingency plan for gas attacks and criticize the halted development of the public gas mask due to financial constraints."	"Different opinions"
