"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1451	1985	2	"Civilforsvaret fungerer godt - men der er nogle store mangler"	"Vendsyssel Tidende"	"1985-2-6"	"Chairman of the Civil Defense Association for the Hirtshals-Hjørring-Sindal district, Bjarne Fjordbak, stated at a general assembly that the number of affiliated uniformed volunteers in the local civil defense has declined due to stricter rules regarding who is allowed to wear a uniform, as the budget does not allow former members to retain their uniforms. Furthermore, he is pleased with the revised training structure introduced in 1984, which enables most of the civil defense’s tasks to be handled by members after only a few years. All volunteers in municipal civil defense must complete a 24-hour basic training course, after which they can apply for further training in the local civil defense. The civil defense plan for the district shows a lack of personnel and equipment. There is a shortage of equipment worth 2 million kroner, which is necessary for the district to provide adequate assistance in a crisis situation. He believes that far less than half of the population can expect to receive help during a disaster. The district also lacks bomb shelters and industrial protection units. However, Fjordbak is pleased that politicians are focusing on this area but believes that civil defense should be prioritized over other areas."	"Different opinions"
"2"	1433	1985	2	"Kælderløse huse"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1985-2-20"	"The letter to the editor is written by editor S.V. Irgens Hansen, who argues that Danes have pushed thoughts of defense measures and Civil Defense aside, leading to its neglect. Hansen references SF chairman Gert Petersen, who also believes that Denmark cannot stay out of a large-scale European war. 
Hansen criticizes the lack of requirements for single-family homes, many of which are built without basements that could otherwise serve as effective shelters. He finds it embarrassing that no preparedness requirements have been imposed on newly constructed homes, viewing this as a significant oversight in ensuring public safety."	"Different opinions"
"3"	1508	1985	2	"Kælderløse huse"	"Jydske Tidende"	"1985-2-20"	"Same article as 1433. The letter to the editor is written by editor S.V. Irgens Hansen, who argues that Danes have pushed thoughts of defense measures and Civil Defense aside, leading to its neglect. Hansen references SF chairman Gert Petersen, who also believes that Denmark cannot stay out of a large-scale European war. 
Hansen criticizes the lack of requirements for single-family homes, many of which are built without basements that could otherwise serve as effective shelters. He finds it embarrassing that no preparedness requirements have been imposed on newly constructed homes, viewing this as a significant oversight in ensuring public safety."	"Different opinions"
