"ID"	"Year"	"Month"	"Title"	"Newspaper"	"Date"	"Content"	"Attitude_towards_civil_defense"
"1"	1436	1986	9	"Bedre civilt og militært forsvar"	"Dagbladet"	"1986-9-2"	"This is a letter to the editor from Colonel G.K. Kristensen, who contributed to drafting the Social Democrats’ proposal for a defensive defense strategy with a budget of 13 billion DKK per year, which includes modernizing the military. The proposal prioritizes areas such as air defense, civil defense, rapid response units, anti-tank capabilities, the Home Guard, coastal defense, and securing reinforcement routes and the hinterland. In the article, Kristensen argues that the proposal is a strong one. The Social Democrats support collaboration with NATO and advocate for increased security at locations where reinforcement forces would arrive in Denmark, better protection of these sites against air attacks, and enhanced coastal defense. A significant part of the proposal focuses on improving civil defense, addressing current shortcomings in shelters, medical supplies, and other resources, which render it unreliable. Additionally, the plan includes enhancing the mobility and equipment of the Home Guard. He expresses dissatisfaction with people dismissing the discussion paper without having familiarized themselves with its contents."	"Positive"
"2"	1470	1986	9	"Bedre civilt og militært forsvar"	"Dagbladet"	"1986-9-2"	"Same article as 1436. This is a letter to the editor from Colonel G.K. Kristensen, who contributed to drafting the Social Democrats’ proposal for a defensive defense strategy with a budget of 13 billion DKK per year, which includes modernizing the military. The proposal prioritizes areas such as air defense, civil defense, rapid response units, anti-tank capabilities, the Home Guard, coastal defense, and securing reinforcement routes and the hinterland. In the article, Kristensen argues that the proposal is a strong one. The Social Democrats support collaboration with NATO and advocate for increased security at locations where reinforcement forces would arrive in Denmark, better protection of these sites against air attacks, and enhanced coastal defense. A significant part of the proposal focuses on improving civil defense, addressing current shortcomings in shelters, medical supplies, and other resources, which render it unreliable. Additionally, the plan includes enhancing the mobility and equipment of the Home Guard. He expresses dissatisfaction with people dismissing the discussion paper without having familiarized themselves with its contents."	"Positive"
